Somehow, despite living an hour and a half's drive apart, they found a routine where they saw each other twice a week. Mid-week, Chris would usually be up at Rutgers for a day or two, and would drop by Princeton for a night. He stayed in a hotel, and Wilson met him after work (work permitting) for a meal, and then back to Chris's hotel room. Weekends, Wilson drove down to the Jersey shore to stay with Chris for a night or two, usually Saturday, occasionally Friday or Sunday (work dictating). The sex was great. The company was surprisingly good too.

After a few weeks of this, Wilson said to Chris over dinner one evening in Princeton, "I have to introduce you to House."

"Is that really necessary?" Chris was reluctant.

"Yes. Because he's already figured out I'm... seeing someone, and if I don't tell him who, then he'll just turn up somewhere at some hideously inappropriate moment to find out for himself. And we'll both die of embarrassment. Best just to face it now."

Chris was dubious, but felt he had no choice but to let Wilson handle House in his own way.

They drove down to House's apartment in Wilson's car after dinner. The sound of a piano being played could be heard out in the hall.

"You hang on out here for a sec," Wilson said to Chris, as he fished out a key, knocked and let himself in without waiting for an answer.

Chris hung back out of sight obediently, peering in sideways through the door of 221B. House's apartment was cluttered and untidy, and needed a lick of paint, but was also warm and tastefully furnished. The piano stopped playing as Wilson went in.

"House, there's somebody I'd like you to meet," Wilson said without preamble.

"God, don't tell me I'm getting to meet the secret boyfriend," House's voice rasped through the air like a hacksaw. "If you'd warned me, I'd have baked a cake."

Wilson was too tense to play along. "Actually, you've already met him. Just—some time ago." He turned towards the door. "Chris?"

Chris came in, embarrassed, and feeling uncannily like some sort of show animal being put on display. House was still sitting behind the piano. He had more stubble than Chris remembered him having, his hair was thinner and his face more hollow; he hadn't aged as well as Wilson had. Those blue eyes, though, were as clear and sharp as they had been ten years ago.

House recognized Chris immediately and his jaw dropped.

There was a short, awkward silence. Wilson shuffled his feet uncomfortably.

"Wilson," House said eventually, his voice taut, "Tell me you haven't been secretly fucking him for the last ten years."

"What? No!" Wilson said, surprised, vehement. "We met three weeks ago, in the clinic at the hospital. Purely by accident."

"And it was lust at first sight all over again." House was loud now, and angry. "What a heartwarming story. Christ almighty, I do not fucking believe it." He looked at Chris. "And what happened to your significant other?" House put his head on one side and dredged up the name without difficulty. "Edward?"

"House," Wilson said warningly, but House was plowing on.

"Did he go back to his wife again? Or screw you over with someone at your gay bar? Must have been bad, for you to hook up with his look-alike here instead—"

Chris would have stood for a lot from House at that moment, but a knife in the ribs over Edward was not one of them. He put his hands over his ears, blotting out House's voice from his head, then turned on his heel and walked out swiftly into the street. He heard Wilson's voice raised in recrimination at House behind him, but didn't listen. Didn't want to listen. Didn't want to have to hear yet another person in this world being told that Edward was dead. Each time the hard fact hammered home into his heart, like a nail into a coffin.

Chris hailed a cab, and went back to his hotel room. Once there, he opened the minibar and took out all the miniature bottles of whiskies and spirits. Chris wasn't in the habit of binge drinking—he appreciated decent whisky too much to abuse it—but right now he had to do something, anything, to get rid of the pain jarring his chest, knocking at his skull. He turned the TV on loud, not caring what was on, sat on the bed and drank each bottle in turn. His brain fogged comfortably a little more with each one, and he slumped down at the end and fell into a deep dreamless sleep.

He woke up an hour later, feeling very sick, and just made it to the bathroom in time to stick his head down the toilet, before throwing up with a vengeance.

He sat on the bathroom floor for a while, recovering, then hauled himself to his feet, flushed the toilet, and brushed his teeth to get rid of the taste of cheap alcohol mingled with vomit. He splashed some cold water on his face and felt a little better. He walked back into the room and sat down, his thoughts becoming more coherent.

His main thought was that he was unlikely to hear from Wilson ever again. He wasn't surprised; House had always been a possessive son-of-a-bitch, Chris remembered that well. And he was under no illusions, this wasn't a fairy tale, Wilson wasn't about to dump House and waltz off into the sunset with him, even if he wanted him to...

He fell asleep sitting in an armchair, and the knock at the door later woke him with a jump. He looked at his watch; it was past midnight. He got up, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes, and went to open the door.

It was Wilson, big brown eyes on full appealing puppy dog mode.

Chris let him in, unsure what to do, what to say.

"I'm sorry about House," Wilson said, his tone apologetic.

Chris shrugged, nodded. Wilson stepped towards him tentatively, reaching out an arm, placing it on Chris's shoulder. Chris, lonely and miserable, responded instinctively to the offer of warmth. He leaned into Wilson and rested his forehead against Wilson's neck. Wilson breathed quietly into Chris's shoulder.

Then Chris suddenly jerked his head backwards and stared at Wilson's face.

Chris wasn't sure how he knew, whether it was scent or touch or body language that he was reading at some unconscious primeval level, but he knew it for a fact: Wilson had just had sex. With House, of course. He'd left them there in House's apartment and they'd ended up having sex.

Wilson read Chris's realization, and colored slightly.

A rational part of Chris knew he ought to be insulted, indignant, demand an explanation; but a far stronger urge took over, made him reach out and pull Wilson towards him violently and fasten his lips on Wilson's mouth. Chris tasted coffee and cigars, tasted House lingering right there in Wilson's kiss, knew for certain that House had had his dick up Wilson's ass only a short time ago, and suddenly Chris couldn't wait to do the same. He reached for Wilson's shirt front, and started undoing buttons rapidly. Wilson made a little 'Mmph' noise of surprise, but responded readily, reaching for Chris's fly. Chris tugged off his own and Wilson's clothes rapidly and pushed Wilson towards the bed.

"You fucking slut," he whispered into Wilson's ear as he pushed Wilson down onto his back. "Both of us in one night, that's what you want, right?"

"Uh." Wilson didn't seem capable of coherent speech, but his eyes shone and his pupils dilated. Chris moved Wilson's legs apart and reached down, feeling for Wilson's ass; Christ almighty, still slippery, no need for more lube even. Chris rolled on a condom as rapidly as possible, took a deep breath and thrust up inside Wilson. He watched Wilson's face crease with pain, which contested with slowing dawning pleasure, as Chris thrust again and again, barely thinking of anything any more other than that fucker House had been doing this to Wilson probably only an hour ago, and Wilson had gotten straight up and come over here without as much as stopping for a shower. And somehow this was the biggest turn-on Chris had had in a long time. He thrust again up inside Wilson, Wilson's ass tight round his cock-but not as tight as it might have been-and came, God, pumping deep inside that beautiful slut of a man, James Wilson.

As he pulled out and sank slowly onto the bed beside Wilson, his hand brushed Wilson's cock, which fairly leaped under his touch. He'd barely touched Wilson's cock up until now, had been too intent on his own orgasm. Now Chris shut his eyes, took Wilson's cock in his fist and jerked him off swiftly; Wilson came with no more than a couple of strangled breaths.

As Chris drifted off to sleep, he knew that in the morning he ought to be insulted, indignant, demand an explanation—but he also knew he wouldn't. James Wilson was just too fucking irresistible.

And this whole thing with House complicated it all, but by God it added something into the mix as well.

END OF CHAPTER

Author's note: You can now go on to chapter 4 - or alternatively, below is chapter 3 all over again but this time from House's POV.

Title: The Story of Chris: additional scene. Chapter 3.1 - Meeting the Secret Boyfriend
Author: hwshipper
Summary: Additional scene from The Story of Chris: House meets Chris, retold from House's POV.

The Story of Chris: additional scene. Chapter 3.1 - Meeting the Secret Boyfriend

House was playing the piano and not thinking about anything at all, when there was a familiar knock on the door followed by a key turning in the lock.

Now there was a surprise. House hadn't expected to see Wilson tonight. House had been observing Wilson's movements for a few weeks now, and had spotted a trend; mysteriously busy on one night mid-week, and absent most of the weekend. He'd thought this was one of those mid-week nights. He'd even thought this evening might be the one to try following Wilson, find out what the hell he was up to (a boyfriend, it had to be; Wilson didn't usually keep girlfriends this close to his chest, as it were), but his leg was aching even more than usual this evening. He'd figured it could wait another week.

He stopped playing as Wilson came in. It was obvious Wilson wasn't just casually dropping by; he looked tense, wound up tight as a guitar string. House heard movement in the hallway; Wilson wasn't alone.

"House, there's somebody I'd like you to meet," Wilson said, confirming his suspicions.

Fan-fucking-tastic. Just what he really felt like dealing with right now.

"God, don't tell me I'm getting to meet the secret boyfriend," House rasped. "If you'd warned me, I'd have baked a cake."

"Actually, you've already met him. Just—some time ago." Wilson turned towards the door. "Chris?"

The man who came hesitantly through the door had soft gray eyes, fair hair and smooth cheeks. He was wearing a dark T-shirt and a biker's leather jacket and pants. House felt his jaw drop. The face had aged, there were lines creasing around the eyes and the forehead that hadn't been there before. But he knew exactly who this was; Chris, the man with the Harley. House vividly remembered the bike, much more than he remembered the man. Riding down the coastal road that night, whistling along faster and faster...

There was a pause while House digested the new information. Ten years it had been. Ten years since they'd been on that trip down the coast. House had walked into that bar and seen this man sitting far too close to Wilson, and ended the evening watching him fuck Wilson up the ass in that motel room. What the hell was he doing here, now, in Princeton? And wasn't he supposed to have gotten back with his Wilsonesque ex-boyfriend?

Wilson shuffled his feet uncomfortably. Chris stood there, arms folded, looking awkward but impassive, and not at all apologetic. He was a big guy; not quite as tall as House, but bulkier. And with muscle too; House could well recall the firm chest and stomach. In fact, Chris didn't look like he'd put on more than an ounce of fat in the last decade. Bastard.

"Wilson," House said eventually, his voice taut, "Tell me you haven't been secretly fucking him for the last ten years."

"What? No!" Wilson said, surprised, vehement. "We met three weeks ago, in the clinic at the hospital. Purely by accident."

The memories were flooding back now. "And it was lust at first sight all over again." House was loud now, and angry. "What a heartwarming story. Christ almighty, I do not fucking believe it." He looked at Chris. "And what happened to your significant other?" House put his head on one side and plucked the name readily from the air. "Edward?"

"House," Wilson said warningly, but House was plowing on.

"Did he go back to his wife again? Or screw you over with someone at your gay bar? Must have been bad, for you to hook up with his look-alike here instead—"

"House. SHUT. THE FUCK. UP!" Wilson's voice was a shout, and it did temporarily silence House, but Chris had already put his hands over his ears and walked out of the apartment. Mission accomplished, as far as House was concerned. Wilson stared after the departing Chris, then turned back towards House and glared at him.

"House. Edward is dead. He died two years ago in a motorcycle accident."

House was taken aback, but tried not to show it. "Well, firstly, how the hell was I supposed to know that? And secondly, I don't give a shit! What do you expect me to do? Welcome him to the family with open arms?" House spread his arms and addressed an imaginary Chris. "Hey, come in, sit down, have a drink, blow Wilson while you're at it--"

"House!"

"But now you've told, me, it explains a lot," House went on. He mused for a few more seconds, his brain swiftly processing possibilities. "Actually, it explains everything."

"I'm sorry?" Wilson folded his arms and stared at House. "You've known this for all of two minutes and you can explain everything?"

"So Edward got killed in a motorcycle accident. He must've been on that Harley, with Chris driving. Meaning Chris is undoubtedly completely screwed up with grief, compounded by stupid self-destructive guilt," House rattled off. "You're attracted to him so you can do your emotional vampire thing. He's attracted to you because he can pretend he's fucking his dead boyfriend."

"House, you are talking out of your ass!" Wilson's tone didn't match his words and he didn't meet House's eye. House was sure he'd hit the nail right on the head.

"You want to tell me I'm wrong?" House asked in a voice of supreme skepticism. "You're both completely well-balanced and in lurve?"

Wilson sat on the couch and covered his face with his hands. Quietly, so quiet House could barely hear him, he said, "He's a good guy, House. I like him a lot."

House couldn't have been more astonished if Wilson had spontaneously combusted. House had expected bluster, prevarication, denial; instead he got Wilson admitting to... feelings? It made his leg hurt just thinking about the implications.

His Vicodin were sitting on the coffee table. House reluctantly stood up and came out from behind the piano. He sat on the couch next to Wilson and popped a pill.

Wilson took his head out of his hands and turned towards House. House was aware of large brown eyes like liquid chocolate, focused on him with a look of mute appeal. And then they started kissing, because that was the most natural thing in the world to do.

As soon as House felt Wilson's lips on his own, felt the warmth of Wilson's body just a few inches away, lust flared in his loins. He sometimes forgot how goddam delicious and irresistible James Wilson could be. No wonder this Chris wanted a part of it.

Time to reassert his position here.

"Bedroom. Now," House muttered.

He was gratified to see Wilson's eyes glaze over and turn dark with desire. Wilson stood up and headed towards the bedroom without a word. House hoisted himself to his feet and followed more slowly, gripping furniture; he'd left his cane propped up against the piano.

In the bedroom, he found Wilson stripping rapidly and already semi-hard; House sat down on the edge of the bed and undid his own pants. Wilson moved right there between his knees, pulled out his cock and put it in his mouth. House closed his eyes and drew a sharp breath as Wilson sucked and licked, from the top of the shaft down to the delicate tip, nibbling, nuzzling.

House bucked his hips forward, pressing in as far as he could. He felt Wilson's throat constrict and contract, the gag reflex, and wondered whether to come like that, to pump hard down Wilson's mouth and make him choke and swallow every last drop, the slut, but instead House pulled back. He wanted to see that pretty little ass under his hands, feel it move underneath him.

Wilson looked up at House, then stood up, reaching for the lube in the bedside drawer. House held out a hand for it, then nodded down at the bed. Wilson lay down sideways on the bed, and House reached for his ass: reached between those firm butt cheeks, watched Wilson wriggle and squirm and then gasp loudly as House's fingers--one, two, three--disappeared up inside him. Always so fucking tight; House moved to work him, to stretch him, careful but brisk, he wanted to get in there himself.

"Hands and knees," he hissed, and Wilson propped himself up, while House divested himself of his pants and T-shirt, and rolled on a condom. Then House moved to cover Wilson, gripping hold of the headboard with one hand to get as much weight as possible off his bad leg. They didn't do it like this that often these days, House just couldn't kneel for very long--but when they managed it, by God they managed it.

House guided his cock, rock hard with anticipation now, towards Wilson's ass: then pushed firmly in. Slowly, steady, all the way in, Christ how much further could Wilson take him? 'Course, he had another man's cock stretching him sometimes now, too--House expelled that thought firmly from his mind, and thrust. Wilson was his; every deep, rolling stroke proved it; every clench from that tight little ass. His free hand grasped Wilson's hip, pulling him back to meet each thrust. Wilson gasped and strained, and took it, and moved with him. The fucking slut. Wilson had freed a hand of his own, balancing on one hand and two knees while jerking himself off.

House could feel beads of sweat on his forehead as he pressed in relentlessly, rocking backwards and forwards. A few more thrusts and his leg was going to give out, but that should just be enough. One--more--shove--and House came with a strangled cry and a rush of adrenalin. As he pressed down against Wilson's back, he felt Wilson's own orgasm, Wilson twisting and thrashing underneath him.

Heart hammering against his ribs, panting hard, House pulled out and away from Wilson, and sank down onto a pillow. His leg was angry and House knew he'd pay for the physical exertion later. He didn't care about that right now.

Wilson flopped onto his back next to House, his chest moving up and down in small, quick gasps. The two of them lay side by side for a minute or two.

Then Wilson muttered, "I won't see him again."

House basked briefly in the glow of victory, and found himself now able to be magnanimous. "See him again if you want. I don't give a damn."

Wilson turned his head to look at House. "Seriously?"

"Uh huh. Just don't come crying to me when you realize he's only interested in you because he can see dear dead Edward in your face."

Wilson was silent for a minute, then said, "I'll take that risk." He sat up and reached for his clothes. "I need to catch him tonight, before he leaves Princeton. He might already have checked out of his hotel..."

House watched as Wilson got dressed swiftly, then left the room. Wilson returned briefly to toss House his pill bottle, unasked: House caught it in one hand, Wilson nodded, and was gone.

House gulped down a Vicodin, lay back and it occurred to him to wonder if Wilson had meant it when he had offered not to see Chris again. Possibly not. Probably not; House knew Wilson could manipulate him well enough when he tried, and half the skill was in House not realizing when he was doing it, even afterwards. A risky strategy, though; Wilson couldn't have been sure that House would react as he had.

Anyway, it didn't matter, Wilson could have his fling. It would never end well, probably wouldn't even last long, two such royally screwed-up individuals. House just hoped Chris didn't hurt Wilson too much before the inevitable messy break-up. He'd have to try and talk to Chris at some point and fathom out his intentions.