Author: mypenname3000
Title: Owning a Maid Harem Chapter Ten: Deflowering His Daughter-Maid
Summary: Lance deflowers his daughter-maid!
Keywords: mF Ff fsolo FF mFf mc inc oral creampie anal rim A2M exhib voy lac viol

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Lance Hayward

After dinner, Mom cleared away the dishes and took them to the kitchen sink to begin washing them. We were all sitting around the small dining room table that was part of the combined living room/dining room/kitchen space of the master suite.

I wonder when my uncle had this remodeled? I said, looking around. I mean, there was no way that this was like this in the original manor.

The one that our great-great-great-grandfather brought from England brick by brick? asked Kylie. Clearly, it's had some upgrades.

That must have been quite the risk, said Ms. Docea. If this place contains what it does.

The remodel or moving it from England? I asked.

Both. Especially the latter. My teacher shifted, her big boobs jiggling.

It was moved to facilitate its purpose, Cali said as she strode out of the hallway that led to the rooms. She held a stack of cedar boxes like the ones that held my garters in one hand, the other carrying three maid's uniforms on hangers. She was doing an amazing job balancing it all.

Moved? I asked as she placed the five boxes on the tables.

Yes, she said, handing a uniform to Aunt Nancy. It took a great expenditure of magic for Hieronymus Hayward to move it from England in 1831. She then thrust a uniform at Bella. It nearly was a catastrophe, but the world had shifted on and Hayward Manor was needed here. The New World had become more vital than the Old.

You teleported the mansion from England? I asked, staring at her in shock.

Not I, Cali said. Hieronymus Hayward. She gave the last maid's uniform to Ms. Docea. There are more of the uniforms in your rooms. Your closet has plenty of changes of clothes.

And where did the uniforms come from? I asked.

I made them, Cali said, her purple eyes flicked to me. Just as I made the other uniforms.

So you're the one into the sexy French maid look, Nancy said as side pulled on her uniform. Short skirt, low-cut blouse, and stockings.

Yes. Cali flicked her gaze to them. The maids of Hayward Manor have always dressed in an enticing manner that I have updated with society's shifting mores and styles. The epitome of the sexy servant's garb has become the French maid's uniform. I would be remiss not to make sure all of you wore such scintillating garb for the thrill it provides to Lance. He is our Master, and we must please him in every way possible.

Aunt Nancy zipped up the back of her uniform, her round breasts cupped by the bodice and lifted into a pair of jiggling mounds. The skirt barely fell past her rump, the layers of lacy petticoats giving it that delicious volume. She drew on the first of the stockings, her left lifted up and almost flashing her shaved pussy and pierced clit at me.

Yes, I'm very pleased, I said, staring at Aunt Nancy putting on her uniform. My cock throbbed and twitched.

I turned to Bella as Kylie helped zip her up. My Maid-Wife smiled almost shyly at me as she adjusted her breasts to be cupped like my aunt's. Her breasts had a wonderful jiggle to them. The skirt poofed out around her waist. Her thighs were just delicious.

She was gorgeous. I loved it. My cock twitched and throbbed even harder as she twirled about in it, the skirt rustling. I loved how sexy she looked in it. She took the stockings and started drawing those on, too, working the white up her smooth legs to her knees and to her thighs, ending just beneath the yellow garter she wore.

You are gorgeous, Bella, I said and pulled my Maid-Wife to me. God, I love you. So glad I married you. You're perfect.

Bella blushed so brightly as she smiled. I love you, too. Mmm, Mrs. Bella Hayward. I love it, Master-Husband.

She kissed me. I loved the feel of her lips on mine. The way her skirt rustled against me as I kissed her with passion was exciting. My cock pressed into her poofy skirt. She groaned into my mouth, her tongue playing with mine. 

Oh, they're so cute together, Ms. Docea said.

Yeah, Mom breathed.

I broke the kiss and turned to find Ms. Docea in her uniform. The redheaded teacher looked amazing. Her large breasts jiggled as she breathed in the low-cut top. The skirt barely covered anything. Her thigh-high stockings only made her perfect legs even more gorgeous. Beside her, Aunt Nancy stood, looking so powerful in her uniform. I could imagine her spanking a naughty maid.

Fuck, I breathed. You two are gorgeous, too. My maids are perfect.

We are, Aunt Nancy said. You picked well. Now it's up to us to choose the rest, right, Cali?
That is correct. The purple-eyed maid handed a cedar box to Aunt Nancy, Mom, Kylie, Bella, and Ms. Docea. The ten garters for your juniors are found in there.

God, that's fifty more maids, I said. Are there enough rooms?

They don't each get their own, said Cali. They will be sleeping five to a room. But they are comfortable beds. And they will be... intimate lovers, of course. And it is expected for the master to visit their dorms from time to time, at least once a month, to have wild orgies with them.

Kylie grinned. I think Master Big Brother is more than eager for that.

My cock was hard. I think so.

The maids opened their boxes. Mom had bronze garters in hers, Kylie's were pure white, Aunt Nancy's orange, Ms. Docea's Gray, and Bella's were green. I supposed I could see how each went together. Silver with bronze, pink with white, red with orange, blue with gray, and yellow with green.

I already have some ideas, said Bella. Some girls were definitely wifewell, concubinematerial at school.

Need women of intelligence, said Ms. Docea.

Strong willed and bold, Aunt Nancy mused. Ready to throw themselves into danger.

Mom just rubbed at her belly as she stared at her open box, not saying a word. 

Virgins! Kylie squealed. Master Big Brother's maids should be pure. No man should ever have touched them. He should take all their cherries. I'll have to inspect so many pussies to find ten.

Wow, someone's eager to feel up all the girls she can, Bella said, snapping shut her box.

Kylie beamed at me. It's so much fun. I've already found a few virgins at school.

It was all so exciting. Bella gave me a delicious blowjob, then we settled down to watch some TV and relax. Bella and Kylie snuggled up beside me on the couch with Aunt Nancy claiming a recliner, and Ms. Docea sitting beyond Bella. Mom made popcorn as Cali watched from her post leaning against the wall.

As Mom handed out several bowls of popcorn, I frowned. She had... a roundness to her belly that wasn't there just an hour ago when the garters were handed out. She took the spot on the couch on the other side of Kylie. I leaned out to peer around her. She stroked it.

Um, Mom, your belly is getting round, I said.

I'm pregnant with your daughter, Mom said like this was the most natural thing in the world.
None of the other maids at all found it strange that she was already showing. I had only bred her yesterday. That was impossible that she was showing. I looked around, concerned as Mom rubbed at her belly which, I swear, already looked bigger.

Cali? I asked, glancing at her.

Now that all your maids have their garters, said Cali, the magic of the silver garter is accelerating the development of your daughter. This is how the Mommy-Maid recruits. Normally, it's not a post filled by the lord's actual mother. That's not why the silver garter is reserved for a mother. It's that you make her into a mother.

My daughter? I gasped. She's going to give birth... what, soon?

Your daughter will be born in a few hours, said Cali, and she'll become your daughter-maid when she's all grown up.

I couldn't believe it. My jaw dropped at what they were suggesting. It was flabbergasting. I stared at my mother again. Her hand rubbed at her belly which was definitely getting rounder. Everyone else was just watching the movie we had put on. 

The magic of Hayward Manor had them all ac

cepting this as normal. Like how everyone just accepted that my maids could go around naked until they received their uniforms or how they could service me in public. This was... normal that Mom would have my daughter way, way, way sooner than she should have. 
I had trouble focusing on the movie. I watched Mom's belly grow rounder and rounder until... around 9 PM, she went into labor. At that point, the maids, save for Cali, ushered her off to her bedroom to give birth. 

I was just left out here, stunned.

I was about to become a father.

I had lost my virginity yesterday, and now I was becoming a father.

I looked around at the room. It seemed so normal in here, but beyond that seal, monsters stalked the halls. Magic pulsed through my veins. The Golden Power. I had used it on the Ripper and the Hagazim. I clenched my hands tight. 

I was having a daughter with my mother, and... My daughter would be one of my maids. Did that mean I would have sex with her when she matured? My cock twitched at the idea. It was a heady one. I sucked in a deep breath, a big smile spread on my lips.

I would have sex with my daughter when she matured. That was a wild idea. 

You are very aroused, Master, Cali said.

I turned to my purple-eyed maid. She sauntered to me, her large tits jiggling in her low-cut blouse. She stared down at my hard dick thrusting out before me. I ached. The ideas swirling through my head were insane ones.

Exciting ones. Having sex with my daughter would be the ultimate incest. My daughter with my mother. It was so taboo. She was doubly my flesh and blood. My blood boiled as Cali reached me. She grabbed my cock with her warm hand. 

Mmm, Master Hayward, she purred and leaned in. She kissed me.

I groaned at the feel of her mouth on mine. She was bound to me. I remembered that strange ritual we had gone through when I first arrived. She had mentioned the elements. Fire, earth, and water. Things like that. And four of my maids had those elements. Kylie was water, Aunt Nancy fire, Bella earth, and Ms. Docea lastly was wind. I had felt the gusts of wind she had thrown when the Hagazim had mauled her.

Cali pushed me back as we kissed. We hit the couch. I sat down on it and pulled her with me, her maid's uniform rustling. Her legs, clad silky stockings, rubbed on the outside of my thighs. My cock pressed up into her shaved pussy.

She moaned into my lips as her labia swallowed my dick. She pressed her hot twat down my cock, devouring inch after inch of my rod. I growled, my hands sliding around to grab her ass beneath the layers of petticoats. The lace rubbed on the backs of my hands as I kneaded her plump rump.

She bottomed out on me.

I groaned into her lips.

She broke the kiss and groaned, Master!

Her cunt slid up my dick. I shuddered, loving every silky moment of her hot cunt massaging my dick. It was a powerful rush to have her climbing up my dick. Just such a delight to have her sliding her cunt down my dick. It was amazing to feel that hot snatch engulfing me.

Just fantastic.

I groaned as she bottomed out on me. Every bit of her hot cunt gripped my dick. I loved the feel of her about me. It was an amazing rush to have her wonderful twat squeezing about my cock. I shuddered, my dick throbbing in her pussy.

Damn, I groaned.

Mmm, you need this, Master, she purred, her purple eyes staring down at me. They filled my vision. Just enjoy.

Her pussy slid up my cock. I groaned as her twat squeezed about me. She massaged me with that wonderful flesh then plunged back down me. I groaned at the feel of her pussy devouring my dick. It was an incredible rush to have her taking my cock to the hilt.

I loved every second of her cunt gripping my dick. She worked her twat up and down me. It was a fantastic rush to have her massaging me like that. Just fantastic. She squeezed about my dick, massaging me with her hot flesh. 

Fuck, fuck, fuck, I groaned, her boobs bouncing before me.

Mmm, yes, Master! she moaned, her voice so throaty. Her purple eyes shone with her passion. It's so wonderful to have you in me!

Yeah, it's amazing, I groaned. Just fantastic to experience. That's it. Work that cunt down my dick. Just ride my cock. Oh, that's amazing!

I agreed. It was absolutely amazing. I loved it. I savored her twat gripping my dick. It was just an incredible rush to have her working her snatch up and down my dick. I shuddered, my face twisting in passion. I would have a huge orgasm. Just a mighty burst of pleasure that would shower through me. 

She worked that hot twat up and down my cock. She massaged me with her wondrous flesh. I loved every second of this. Every last moment of her riding my dick. She squeezed her cunt around my cock, the pressure growing at the tip of my dick.

I'm going to burst, I groaned. Just flood your cunt!

I know, Master! she purred and shoved down her bodice.

Her big boobs bounced out. I groaned and latched onto a fat nipple. I suckled on her. She squeezed her cunt around my dick. She held me in her tight embrace as she worked her snatch up and down my dick. It was an incredible rush to have her riding me like that. A shiver swept through me as she undulated her hips from side to side.

She stirred her cunt around me. I loved the way she did that. It was an incredible rush to have her juicy twat working up and down me. She gripped me. Held me tight. Delight washed through me. It was an incredible rush to have her wondrous pussy massage me as I suckled on her nipple.

A woman's nub just felt so right to have in my mouth.

So comforting to enjoy.

Especially when her hot cunt worked up and down me. She rode me with such passion. She gripped me with that hot flesh. I loved this so much. I savored her twat working up and down my dick. It was an absolute delight to have her working up and down me like that.

I savored every moment of it. Every last second of her cunt sliding up and down my dick. I groaned, my cock twitching in her cunt. It was an incredible rush to have her massaging me like that. Just a fantastic thrill.

Master, she moaned as I suckled on her nipple.

I nipped her nub with my teeth. 

Yes! she gasped, her cunt clamping down hard on my dick. I want your cum!

The pleasure built and built in me. I would have such a mighty burst of delight. Just explode in her cunt. I couldn't wait for that pleasure. For that delight. It would be amazing. My dick twitched and throbbed in her cunt.

My fingers dug into her butt-cheeks as she rode me with such passion. Her cunt suckled at me. The pressure built at the tip. Her hot twat massaged me. She plunged down my dick. Her pussy engulfed every inch of me.

Master! she gasped.

Her cunt went wild around my dick.

I ripped my mouth off her nipple and moaned, My maid! Yes!

Yours! she moaned as I erupted.

She kissed me with her hungry mouth as my cum pumped into her twat. Her tongue thrust into my mouth as I flooded her pussy with my jizz. I erupted again and again. The ecstasy swept through me. The pleasure burned through my thoughts.

Her twat rippled around my spurting dick. She suckled at me as the ecstasy swept through my body. It was fantastic to enjoy. I loved every moment of her cunt rippling around my dick. I loved every last second of her hot pussy milking me.

It was fantastic to dump my cum into her. Just an amazing rush to flood her twat with all the spunk that I had in my nuts. I groaned through the pleasure. I savored the heat. It was a pure delight. A wonderful rush of bliss.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, I groaned, breaking the kiss. Cali!

I fired the last blast of my cum into her pussy. Oh, Master!

I shuddered as the pleasure rippled through me. It was amazing. It took my mind off what was happening. My daughter was being born. I groaned as Cali shuddered. She smiled down at me then rose off my cock, her shaved pussy dripping with my seed. Her skirts fell back down, hiding the evidence of our passion.

And what passion it had been.

As I breathed in, I stared at Cali. Something I heard in the hallway came back to me. Who's the First Imprisoned?

Hmm? she asked, turning to me, her cheeks flushed. First Imprisoned?

Yeah, I heard the paintings whisper it right before the Ripper attacked.

The Gizzamuluke is the first ever to be imprisoned in the art, said Cali. He is... a leader among the Imprisoned.

Oh, okay, I said. That why he was the first one to escape?

She nodded. He's very powerful.

Satisfied, I stood and headed down the hallway. It sounded like the labor was still going on. I went into my room and pulled on a bathrobe there. I waited outside the room for the delivery to finish. It wasn't all that much longer when there were cheers and a baby cried.

Kylie burst out first and squealed, I'm a sister-aunt! A sister-aunt, Master Big Brother! Your daughter-sister is born!

She took my hand and pulled me into the room. The others were all around the bed. Aunt Nancy leaned over to stare at the little bundle that Mom held. I swallowed as Bella glanced at me, a big smile on her lips. She motioned me over.

Ms. Docea cooed in delight as she leaned over. This was so exciting. Mom glanced up and beamed at me. She shone. I moved to the bed and sat down on the edge, staring down at this little girl. I smiled and stroked her cheek. Her eyes opened. They were blue.

Angela, I said, the name rising out of me. Let's name her Angela.

Yes, Master, Mom purred. Angela... She's beautiful. 

I nodded, my heart bursting with joy. I was a father. A father who had to keep those dark forces trapped. The weight on my shoulders only increased. I was the Master of Hayward Manor. I had to keep everyone safe.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Maria Hayward

I was tired, so Nancy pushed everyone else out of the room. She changed the sheets on my bed for me, and soon I lay down with my daughter. She was hungry. I nursed her and sort of dozed. I felt her growing as she suckled.

Maturing.

The night passed for me in a daze of breastfeeding my daughter.

When morning came, she had matured. No longer was she the little baby. She sat up and stretched before me, fourteen. The same age as my other daughter, Kylie. Angela stretched her back, her round boobs jiggling. Her black hair fell around her face. It had grown long, curls spilling around her breasts. She had a big smile on her face, not as mischievous as Kylie.

Good morning, Mommy, she said with perfect elocution. Ooh, it's so wonderful to be here. I'm so ready to be one of Daddy's maids!

You can speak already? I asked.

D'oh, she said, smiling. I'm fourteen. I know everything that you know. Like who Daddy is. Where we are. What I have to do. How to love his cock.

My cheeks warmed. You remember... how I sucked your daddy's cock.

And Grandpa's. A wave of sadness washed over him. I know I never got to meet him, but he was a great man. You loved him a lot.

I did. My own grief swept through me. My husband was an amazing man. I missed him. I would always miss him. But I had my son to love and care for now. I was his Mommy-Maid. I do. Just like I love your Daddy and your Auntie Kylie and your Auntie Nancy.

And my Auntie Bella, grinned Angela. Ooh, ooh, I want to meet Daddy in person and show him that I'm all grown up now. I can be his maid. Her gaze flicked to the cedar box on my dresser.

I rose from the bed and padded over it. I looked down at my flat stomach. I wasn't sore at all. I had two children before it, and I didn't feel at all like I had given birth. The magic in me had repaired my body. I didn't even have stretch marks.

I was a perfect MILF.

I opened the cedar box and took out one of the ten garters. I would have nine more of my son's daughters. A big smile spread on my lips as I turned around and held it out for her. She rolled off the bed and darted over, lifting her left leg.

I dropped to my knees before my little girl and rolled the garter up her calf. She smiled down at me, her round breasts jiggling. The fourteen-year-old girl had such a twinkle in her blue eyes. Angela Hayward, the newest servant of the manor.

The bronze garter fitted perfectly on her thigh. 

She gasped in delight. I'm Daddy's! Tears sprang into her eyes. Oh, Mommy, I'm Daddy's.

You are, I groaned and, unable to resist myself, pressed my lips into her trimmed bush adorning her vulva. I licked at her. I lapped at my daughter's virgin pussy. I made her with my son. She was doubly my flesh. It was doubly taboo that I ate her out.

And it felt so right. She was born to serve my son. And me. She was my junior maid. 

I slid my hands around to grip her firm tush as I tongued her cunt. I licked and lapped at her snatch. It was such a rush to do that. I swirled my tongue around her cunt, gathering up her spicy juices. She tasted so much like me. It was such a rush to feast on my daughter.

She groaned as I tongued her. I lapped at her with such fierceness. I stroked over her folds while her curls rubbed on my lips and nose. I licked at her with a fierce hunger. She groaned as I did that. Her body quivered as my tongue fluttered up and down her snatch.

I brushed her clit.

I stroked over her hymen.

Her round breasts jiggled over my head as she moaned, Mommy!

I licked at her with hunger, loving her passion. I gathered up more and more of her spicy juices. I savored every moment of eating her out. She groaned, her boobs jiggling over my head. She grabbed the back of my head.

Mommy! she squealed. Oh, wow, Mommy!

I winked at her as I tongued her cunt. I stroked through her folds, sliding over her hymen. Her daddy would get so much joy out of popping her cherry. He would feast on her cunt with such passion. I just knew he would enjoy every moment of being in her snatch.

I knew because I loved her pussy. My son would, too. What father wouldn't love the daughter he made in his own mother. The ultimate incest. My pussy clenched. My cunt burned as I stroked through my daughter's folds and found her clit. 

I loved caressing her clit. I nibbled on her bud. She gasped and bucked as I did that. She quivered there, her face twisting in delight as I gave her just what she craved. What she needed. It was such a rush. Such a thrill to feast on her like this.

She groaned as I nibbled on her clit. I loved her bud with hunger. She groaned, her head tossing as I suckled on her with all my hunger. She groaned as I danced my tongue around her bud. She squealed in delight.

Oh, yes, yes, yes, she moaned. Oh, that's so amazing. I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum so hard, Mommy!

I loved hearing that. She would have such a mighty orgasm. I wanted her to just drown me in pussy cream. I suckled hard on her clit. She gasped, her body trembling. Her round boobs bounced over my head. She gripped my blonde hair.

I love you, Mommy! my little girl moaned. Yes!

Her pussy juices gushed out and bathed my mouth. I closed my eyes and drank the wonderful flood of spicy cream. I gulped down my daughter's pleasure as she bucked. Her squeals echoed through my bedroom.

Mommy! I opened my eyes to see her grinning down at me. Oh, Mommy!

I tongued her pussy. I gathered her cream as her juices ran down my chin. I licked and lapped at her cunt, stroking through her folds and across her hymen. She trembled, her black tresses swaying about her face. 

Wow, she panted as her trembling slowed.

I kissed her pussy one more time then rose, my big boobs jiggling. I nearly looked her in the eye. She was taller than Kylie. I took Angela's hand and led her to the door. She beamed at me, licking her lips. I led her out of the room and into the hallway.

I found my son sleeping in Bella's room. Of course. It was like their wedding night. It was so cute to see them snuggled together, her brown hair spilling over his chest. I took a moment to appreciate it. I wanted to enjoy it longer, but Angela darted in to give her daddy a good-morning BJ.

She would be a perfect Daughter-Maid. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

A warm, wet mouth engulfed my dick. 

I could feel that delight sucking on me. I groaned, Bella.

But Bella was snuggled up against me. I could feel her round breasts rubbing on my side. My Maid-Wife groaned and shifted against me as that hot mouth suckled hard on my dick. The mysterious maid nursed with such passion.

Damn, I groaned, forcing my eyes to open.

Mom stood at the foot of the bed massaging her big boobs. Milk dripped from her nipples. She smiled down at the maid blowing me. Black hair spilled around the girl's face. I thought it was Kylie for a moment, but...

Angela? I groaned.

She slid her mouth off my cock with a wet plop. Good morning, Daddy! I'm your Daughter-Maid! Ooh, I am so happy to suck your dick!

My fourteen-year-old daughter engulfed my cock with such gusto. She suckled me into her mouth and nursed with passion. I groaned at how amazing it felt to have her working her mouth up and down my dick. She suckled on me with such passion. 

My toes curled as that amazing mouth slid up and down my dick. I savored every moment of her hot mouth suckling on me. She nursed with such outstanding pleasure. She suckled on me with everything that she had.

I loved it. I savored her nursing with such passion on my cock. It was fantastic. I loved it so much. I groaned, savoring the wetness of her mouth working up and down my shaft. She had such suction. It was incredible.

That is so hot, Bella moaned and rose. Will you eat me out, Master Husband?

You don't even have to ask, I groaned as my Maid-Wife threw her leg over my head, her brown-furred muff dripping with juices. I want to eat your cunt out all the time, Bella.

Oh, Master, she breathed. I love you.

She planted her furred muff on my face, her curls tickling my features. The sweet taste of her cunt soaked my lips. I loved that. I licked at her pussy lips with hunger. I stroked through her folds and brushed her clit. She moaned.

My dick throbbed in Angela's mouth. My daughter bobbed her head, sucking with such delight on my cock. I thrust my tongue into Bella's sweetness, soaking in her juice as I enjoyed the incestuous bliss of my daughter's blowjob.

Angela suckled so hard. She nursed with such passion.

Damn, I groaned into my Maid-Wife's cunt.

Oh, yes, yes, yes, whimpered Bella, her hips wiggling. She rubbed her silky bush across my lips. Her sweet juices soaked my mouth. Master-Husband!

That's how you suck our Master's cock, Angela, Mom purred. Just like that. You're such a good girl. He's groaning into your Auntie Bella's cunt.

God, he is, Bella moaned, her pussy clenching about my tongue. He's going to make me burst!

I couldn't wait for her to drown me in pussy cream. I wanted that as much as I wanted to cum in my little girl's mouth. I ached to just unload in her. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my dick with her passion.

It was an exciting rush to have her suckling with such hunger on me. She nursed on me with everything that she had. It was fantastic to enjoy. Just a pure delight to have her nursing on me like that. I would have a huge burst of ecstasy.

I swirled my tongue around in her cunt. I lapped at her with such hunger. I stroked her snatch. I licked her twat with all the passion I could muster. My tongue thrust into her pussy and danced around in me. It was awesome.

Just outstanding.

I licked and lapped at her with such passion. I stroked her with all the energy that I had. I loved it. I savored every second of eating her out. I tongued her with just such hungry passion. She tossed her head from side to side, her butt-cheeks clenching before my face.

As I devoured Bella's cunt, my daughter suckled on my dick. She danced her tongue around my crown. Pleasure shot down my shaft to my balls. The pressure in them swelled as my daughter loved my dick. She nursed on me with such passion.

Fuck, I moaned into Bella's cunt.

Oh, that's it, Angela, sweetie, Bella moaned. Suck our Master's cock. Just worship him. He's going to fire so much cum into your mouth.

Angela moaned around my dick and suckled so hard.

I fluttered my tongue through Bella's folds. I licked at her clit as the pleasure washed through me. My Daughter-Maid brought me closer and closer to cumming in her mouth. She suckled on me with all her might. She nursed with such passion.

I tongued my Maid-Wife's clit. I suckled on her bud. Her butt-cheeks quivered before my eyes. I loved how they clenched and relaxed as I tongued my wife's clit. I fluttered over her bud. She groaned as I did that.

I suckled on her bud with hunger. I nursed on her with everything that I had as my daughter did the same to my cock. The need to burst swelled and swelled at the tip of my dick. That mighty burst of rapture grew in me.

Oh, yes, Bella moaned. Master! Oh, Master, I'm going to... to... Yes!

Bella squealed and drowned me.

My wife's sweet juices gushed out of her cunt and drowned me. I gulped them down. I drank the passion of her juices. As I did, my Daughter-Maid nursed with passion on my dick. The pressure in my balls burst.

Fuck, yes! I snarled.

I erupted.

I fired my cum into my daughter's mouth. Angela enjoyed her first taste of salty jizz as I groaned into my wife's pussy. I licked out the cream gushing out of Bella's snatch as I pumped more and more of my seed into my daughter's mouth.

Oh, Master Lance! groaned my wife. I love you! Yes, yes, yes! 

Pleasure slammed through me with each eruption. I loved every moment of flooding my Daughter-Maid's mouth with my spunk. Every second of erupting. It was such a delight to drown in pussy cream while cumming. 

I shuddered through the pleasure of it. I gripped my Maid-Wife's thighs as I shuddered through my orgasm. I pumped the last of my cum into my Daughter-Maid's mouth. She gulped it down as I savored this euphoria.

What a thrill it was to have a Daughter-Maid. And a Maid-Wife.

Oh, Master-Husband, moaned Bella. She slid off me. Ooh, that was amazing.

Angela ripped her mouth off my cock and gasped, Master Daddy! I sucked your dick! That was so awesome! I loved gulping down all your cum and... She quivered. Would you...? I mean... Will you take my... my virginity?

Of course, I groaned, my lusts surging through me. How could I not?

My daughter beamed at me. She looked so happy. This had to be perfect, too. Just the best way to take her virginity. My dick throbbed with the ideas that were flooding my mind on how to do it. I stared at my mother.

She had to be involved.

Mom, lie down on the bed, I said, rolling off it. Angela, get between our mother's thighs and get started eating her pussy. I think that's the best way for you to lose your cherry.

Angela's blue eyes widened. It is, Master Daddy! Ooh, I love it! Mommy already ate my pussy before I came in here. She made me cum oh, so hard!

I bet she did, I said and winked at Mom. She's a pussy-loving slut now.

I am, Master, Mom breathed, this look of ecstasy sliding across her face. She licked her lips, probably remembering just how yummy our daughter tasted.

God, my daughter was only three years younger than me. That was heady to realize. She was fourteen while I was seventeen. I couldn't help but smile at how hot that was. My cock twitched as Mom slid onto the bed beside Bella.

My Maid-Wife leaned over and latched onto one of Mom's nipples. She suckled with hunger. I groaned at the sight. It was just such a hot thing to witness. A big grin spread across my lips at how hot it was to hear Mom moan in delight as Bella drank down that delicious breast milk.

Angela scampered between our mother's thighs. My daughter bent over, her cute tush aimed right at me. She wiggled it. God, from this position, she looked just like her sister, Kylie. I loved the sight. It made my dick throb.

Fuck, I breathed, staring at that black-furred muff. Those cute curls did little to hide my daughter's virginal slit.

I slid onto the bed, Mom watching with a big smile on her face. My daughter feasted on our mother's pussy. The incestuous sight had my dick twitching with the need to be in her. I just had to be in her, fucking her.

I grabbed my dick and pushed my tip into her curls. I loved the feel of her silky curls giving way before me. I nuzzled into her virginal slit. I pushed against her vulva. Her labia parted. Her hymen blocked my entrance.

Master-Daddy, cooed my daughter into our mother's cunt.

Enjoy her cherry, Master, purred Mom.

I winked at my Mommy-Maid and gripped my Daughter-Maid's hips. I pushed against her hymen. Her membrane stretched before me. The elastic barrier pushed against the tip of my dick. My daughter moaned into Mom's pussy. She whimpered. I thrust hard.

Her cherry popped.

I groaned as I sank into my daughter's cunt. The forbidden thrill of sliding into her pussy washed through me. I started her life growing in Mom's womb. Now I reaped the reward. Angela's silky and wet sheath massaged my dick as I slid into her.

Master-Daddy! she gasped. You're so big!

Mmm, he is, cooed Mom. Enjoy our Master's big dick. You're going to love having his cock fuck you! Just enjoy every moment of it!

I bottomed out in her snatch. I loved being buried to the hilt in her snatch. I stroked her hips, running my hands over her silky skin as she wiggled her hips from side to side. She stirred her cunt around my cock. That was nice.

I brushed her breasts and...

I hadn't noticed she had bigger tits than Kylie. Angela had a nice pair of round breasts. Maybe C's. About the size of Bella's boobs. I squeezed those, enjoying the feel of them in my hands. She groaned into Mom's pussy.

You have some nice tits, Angela, I groaned as I drew back my dick.

Thank you, Master-Daddy, she moaned, her pussy clenching about my dick. She massaged me with her wonderful flesh. Oh, your cock feels so amazing in my pussy. I love being deflowered.

Bella moaned around Mom's nipple as if my Wife-Maid agreed with that sentiment.

I knew I liked deflowering my maids. Kylie, Bella, and now Angela. I kneaded my daughter's tits as I pumped away at her twat. I drove in and out of her snatch. The heat of her cunt melted down my dick with each plunge into her snatch. 

I loved being in a woman, and fucking my daughter was just so exciting. Her hot snatch massaged me in just such a thrilling way. My nuts swung into her twat, my balls heavy with my jizz. I wanted to flood her with all my spunk.

That would be wondrous.

Oh, Angela, I groaned, kneading her tits. Oh, damn, you have an amazing pussy.

Thank you, Master-Daddy! she moaned, her pussy clenching down hard on my dick. Oh, yes, yes, that's just wonderful!

I reveled in every thrust into my daughter's pussy. I watched her head moving as she feasted on our mother's cunt. My Mommy-Maid shuddered, one hand sliding through Bella's brown hair. My Maid-Wife suckled with hunger, gulping down the breast milk.

It was such delicious breast milk, too.

I thrust away at my daughter's cunt. I fucked her hard and fast. I plowed into her again and again, loving how she massaged me. How she brought me closer and closer to cumming. It was a wondrous treat to have her teasing me like that.

Shit, I groaned. Oh, shit, that's good.

Master-Daddy's cock, she whimpered, clenching her cunt down on my cock. She gripped my dick with her silky heaven. Oh, Master Daddy's cock is the best!

Yes, it is, honey, groaned Mom. She gripped Bella to her tit with one hand while her other seized a fistful of Angela's black hair. Just keep licking my clit like that. Oh, that's perfect. Just keep suckling on me like that. I'm going to cum!

Yes, yes, make our mother cum, Angela! I groaned, thrusting away at my daughter's cunt.

Yes, Master-Daddy! she moaned as I fucked her hard and fast. She squeezed her cunt around my dick. I'll make her cum so hard!

She suckled while her cunt squeezed down on my dick.

Mom gasped, her back arching. Her boobs jiggled. Bella kept nursing from my mother. I loved watching the pleasure rippling across my Mommy-Maid's face. She gripped the fistful of our daughter's black hair, shuddering.

That's it, Mom whimpered. Oh, that's so good. Angela, honey, yes!

Mom bucked.

She writhed on her back as the pleasure rushed through her. It was so clear she orgasmed. Her taboo climax swept through her, drowning our daughter in spicy pussy juices. I slammed to the hilt in Angela's cunt as she drank our mother's cunt cream.

Master-Daddy! my little girl moaned as I drew back my dick. Yay!

Her pussy convulsed around my dick. I gasped as I buried into her cunt. I plunged to the hilt in her snatch, savoring the way her deflowered flesh suckled at my dick. The pressure at the tip of my dick swelled towards that burning moment.

Towards ignition.

Yes! I groaned as my cum rocketed out of my dick.

I erupted over and over into my Daughter-Maid's cunt. I shuddered, savoring unloading again and again into her flesh. Her hot cunt writhed around my dick as I bathed her womb in my seed. My back arched as the ecstasy slammed through me.

Fuck, yes! I groaned as I pumped my cum into her pussy again and again.

Oh, Master Daddy, she whimpered. Oh, Master Daddy, that's so good. That's amazing. I love it so much! Yes, yes, yes! 

Her pussy suckled at me. She spasmed around my cock. She rippled about me with her passion. As Mom bucked on her back, our daughter writhed around my dick. My rod spurted into her. I basted her twat with all my seed.

Yes, I breathed as I fired the last of my cum into my daughter's snatch. I flooded her with every last bit of cum that I had in my nuts. A buzzing thrill sizzled through me. I felt amazing. A big smile spread from ear to ear. Damn, that was good. That was amazing. You are a wondrous Daughter-Maid, Angela!

Her twat squeezed down on me. Thank you, Master-Daddy!

She slid her pussy off my cock and spun around. With her lips soaked in our mother's spicy cream, my Daughter-Maid threw her arms around my neck and kissed me with all her enthusiasm. I held her tight to me, her round breasts rubbing on my chest. I was so glad to have my little girl in my arms.

I had helped to start her life in my mother's womb. It was so hot. Angela was my sister and my daughter all at the same time. I groaned, kissing her with every bit of passion that I had. I loved her as much as my other maids.

And there would be more like her. Nine more Daughter-Maids. 

The door crashed open. Master Big Brother, we need to get up and get to school. There are maids to recruit! Virgins that need to be yours. Come on! Come on! Ooh, is there an orgy going on in here! That's hot, but... Are you my little sister?

Angela broke the kiss with me and slid around me. I am, Kylie. I'm all grown up. I'm your age now!

Wow, Angela! Kylie said, her black pigtails falling around her face. She wore her maid's uniform, clearly eager for school. Which was a strange thing to say about Kylie. Wait, why do you have bigger boobies than me.

I'm sure yours will grow bigger, said Angela. You're only fourteen. Plus, if you have one of Master Daddy's babies, I bet they'll get even bigger.

And you're taller than me! Kylie gasped, staring her up and down. 

But you'll always be my dear big sister! Angela said and hugged Kylie tightly. You're one of Master Daddy's special maids. You have a unique garter. So you have nothing to be jealous of.

That's right, Kylie said, shooting her gaze to me. I'm Master Big Brother's personal attendant. I get to be by his side so much and make sure his cock is always wet with pussy.

You're amazing, Angela breathed.

I know, my sister said, grinning at me. Now come on, we have to get breakfast and get to school. There are maids to recruit.

I realized that four of my maids would be doing recruiting today. Who would Bella, Ms. Docea, Aunt Nancy, and Kylie pick to be their first junior maids? Just how big would my harem grow. I would own so many maids.

And I would need them all to keep the denizens of Hayward Manor under control. I didn't want any of those disgusting Imprisoned to escape their portraits let alone the estate's grounds. My little sister was right.

We had to get to our high school.

To be continued...
