Things don't go as expected on Cove's next adventure.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Cove, Chapter 3 (mF, 1st, magic, mc, nc, impreg?, viol)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

After cleaning his sheets for the second night in a row, Cove considered just going back to sleep to see if he'd return to Ignis' world again, but found that he wasn't tired at all. He searched the web for anything like what he had experienced, but ran afoul of fan fiction fantasy erotica. He read through a few of those, and even shot a wad reading a particularly hot Game of Thrones one, but sighed when it seemed that whatever he was experiencing, it was unique to him...well, of course it was; it was his dream, after all.

After playing video games and watching the 'flix all night, his single Mom got up in the morning and informed him that she wouldn't be back after work; she was heading out for a girls night with some friends. "Good for you, Mom," he told her before he headed back to sleep.

---

Ignis greeted him again as he opened his eyes in her sweltering chamber. He grinned at the sight of the lava woman that he'd had sex with, sort of, the previous two days, and noted that her breasts seemed smaller this time. He didn't know how to ask her about it, but figured that maybe it was because the mermaid she had possessed the last time had small breasts? Desire and intent, she had said when she first met him, were important, and he had desired the mermaid with the intent to fuck her.

His fiery patron directed him toward another tunnel which slanted downward and eventually came out in some foothills. He heard screaming further down the hill and ran toward it.

As he crested a ridge, he stopped, confused. Down in a gully was an old-timey wagon under attack, except it was only one large woman doing the attacking, laying about her with some kind of strange light-colored club. One guard was already face down, his head at a lethal angle. As Cove watched, the woman's strange maul smashed the other guard's shield and he fell to his knees, holding his now broken arm.

Cove broke into a run as the woman raised her bizarre weapon above her head, bellowing like a banshee, ready to deliver the death blow. He was still too far away, though, and winced as the downswing pulped the man's head.

The woman turned to the last remaining man, who was older and unarmed, cowering against his wagon. Killing an unarmed man? Clearly she was the asshole.

As Cove got closer, he lightly tossed the marble to the woman, yelling, "Hey! Catch!" Sure enough, she turned and reflexively caught it out of the air.

Immediately her oversized weapon crashed to the ground. Cove figured that her magic must have made the weapon lighter, or her stronger? However it worked, she couldn't wield it anymore.

Now that Cove was closer, he could see that the club was...a penis? Yes, it was a massive fleshy-looking dong, with veins and everything! She had killed these men with a giant dildo mace! 
"What the fuck?" he managed to utter before the athletic woman, garbed in leather armor with a helmet covering her dirty blonde hair, let out a bloodcurdling shriek and rushed at him, her sharp-nailed fingers directed at his face like claws.

He reached back for the knife. "Hey, wait..." He pulled the blade free just as she reached him, smashing into his chest and bowling him backwards. He fully expected her to shred his face with those talons, but she just lay on top of him, moaning. When he rolled her off of him, he saw that she had impaled herself on the ebony blade, right between her breasts.

Her eyes locked with his. He saw fear and rage there. "Whoach..." she got out before her eyes closed and she was gone. As with the dragon man, her body started to glow, and then she was gone, the resulting sparkles disappearing into the ground.

Cove retrieved the knife and marble, and went over to the older man to help him to his feet. "You all right?" he asked.

The older man, dressed all medieval-like, had some bruises forming on his face, but otherwise seemed unscathed. "I am now, lad, thanks to you! How can I ever thank you?"

"Um...do you have a hot daughter in one of these wagons?"

The man gave him a confused look. "My daughter awaits me at home with my wife, Sir..."

"Oh! My name is Cove." He shook the man's hand.

"Well met, Sir Cove. I am Bertrand the trader. It is poor recompense, but I can take you back home with me to meet my family. We will feed you like a king for your service!"

Cove looked back at Ignis' mountain. No immediate reward this time, and he couldn't touch Ignis' lava body so...

He turned back to Bertrand. "It's just Cove, and I would be happy to accompany you home, Bertrand."

---

Cove sat in the back of the wagon as it trundled along the gully for a while. Bertrand talked a lot, which no doubt made him a good salesperson, but not about anything important; the weather, the crops, the dragon...

"Oh, I took care of the dragon," Cove told him.

There was a sudden gust of wind and Bertrand looked up, startled. "Guch..." the older man gurgled.

"Bertrand?" Cove came forward as the merchant slumped to the side. Cove saw that his throat had been slashed from ear to ear, but he had seen nothing!

Cove ducked back into the shelter of the wagon. With nobody holding the reins, the horse stopped. Everything was quiet.

"Come outtt..." breathed the wind outside. "Drop your weaponnn..."

"Fuck," muttered Cove. What could he do?

A few seconds later, he pushed the wagon's door open and dropped the ebony blade to the ground. Then he stepped out, his hands up, and waited.

"A pretty boyyy..." the wind whispered, and he felt it caress his cheek. Then a darkness coalesced in front of him, quickly forming a humanoid shape.

It was a slim man of about thirty years of age with pasty white skin, a dark cloak, and sharp teeth. A vampire?!

"Perhaps I will dally with you, pretty boy, before I feed," the creature said, coming forward. He had a strong accent, not Transylvanian like in the movies, but definitely East European.

Cove kept his mouth shut. Dally? he thought. This was a gay vampire?

Suddenly Cove's t-shirt was ripped in half vertically. He hadn't even seen it move!

Then the vampire was pressed against him, practically drooling. "Give us a kiss, boy..." The creature pressed his lips to Cove's. As the vampire's tongue slipped into the young man's mouth, it touched the onyx marble that had been hidden there, and recoiled. "SSS!!" it screamed, and violently shoved Cove back.

"Gack!" Cove gasped, coughing. He had accidentally swallowed the marble!

"What did you do, boy?" the vampire screamed, suddenly looking a lot less vampire-like with flushed skin and normal teeth. "I can't discorporate!"

"Yep," Cove responded, picking up the black knife, "which means I can do this..." And then he sliced the blade across the man's throat, opening it up much like the vampire had done to poor Bertrand.

"Guchh..." the man gasped as he collapsed to the ground. Soon his dead body glowed and transformed into the usual glowing sparks that then fell into the ground and disappeared.

"Goddamnit," Cove said, after he had confirmed that Bertrand was, indeed, dead, though his body remained, unlike these murderous assholes. He figured that they must disappear because of the black blade.

He covered Bertrand's body with the horse's blanket and holed up in the wagon. He didn't know how to drive a wagon or handle horses, so he laid his head down to wait, and eventually fell asleep.

---

Cove woke up in his bed. He had no idea how he could fall asleep in a dream, but it seemed that's what had happened. He was rather disappointed with his third dream visit to Ignis' world. He had taken out two more assholes but hadn't even received a single reward this time!

Shaking his head, he got up and headed for the toilet. As he left his room he almost bumped into Julie, the family's pretty, twentysomething blonde housekeeper, as she was heading out of the bathroom, cleaning supplies in hand.

"Oh, you're up," she stated matter-of-factly.

Cove thought there was an unspoken "finally" on the end of that. "Mornin'" he greeted her.

"Afternoon!" she said cheerily as she headed into his room. Cove checked his phone...sure enough, it was 4:45 PM.

Cove stole a glance at Julie's bubbly butt in her yoga pants. Bless you, LuluLemon, he thought, and then went into the bathroom to shower.

Julie pulled the covers off of Cove's bed, not realizing that he had changed them just the day before due to his 'nocturnal emission' (diurnal emission?). Something small, round, and dark fell to the carpet. Once she had replaced the bedsheets, she noticed the object and picked it up...

---

Cove returned to his room to find his bed made and Julie laying seductively upon it. "Hey, Julie," he greeted her, confused.

"Julie," she replied. "What is she to you, my champion?"

Cove froze. Had she said...?

Julie held her hand out. In her palm was the onyx marble.

"What...what...?" His brain was stuck...dream...reality...what...the fuck? He reached forward and took the marble. It felt just as in his dream, its obsidian surface seeming to draw in the light.

"I ask you again, Cove: what is this woman Julie to you?"

Cove stared at her. Her mannerisms weren't Julie's...her voice was deeper...she was...

"Ignis?"

She sighed. "Yes, we have gone through this before, my champion, though you did not know my previous host personally. I don't like to repeat myself." She stared pointedly at him.

"Um...um...Julie's our housekeeper." His mind was freaking out. How could Ignis be here?! She was a dream!

"She is a servant? Do you desire her?" Ignis caressed Julie's hip, sliding her hand lightly down the shapely woman's leg.

Cove pocketed the marble and was about to close his bedroom door, but then remembered that his mother was out. "Ignis...how...how are you here? And yes, I do...desire her..."

She rose to her knees on the bed. "You brought the charged orb to your world, and the item is part of me..." She pulled her tank top off, showing off her flowery periwinkle bra restraining her C-cup breasts.

No, Julie's breasts, Cove reminded himself.

"How does this function?" she asked as she pulled at the brassiere.

Able to focus on a problem he understood, Cove went behind her and unfastened the titsling.

"Aah..." Julie/Ignis sighed. "Much better..." She turned to face Cove and he gasped at the beauty of his housekeeper's bosom, the first real breasts he had ever seen in person. "Kiss me, lover..." she commanded, moving her lips to his.

Cove felt an electric thrill run through him at his first real kiss. Wait, his logical mind told him, he had kissed Ignis in another woman's body in her world. If she was here and real, that meant her world was real as well, so this wasn't his first kiss? Or did he just visit her world in a dream, so this really was his first real kiss? His mind was confused, his hormones boiling. He wondered why he was trying to rationalize anything while a sexy woman was pulling up his shirt and pressing her warm, bare breasts into his chest.

She pushed him back and unfastened his jeans, pulling them down and off along with his underwear. "Yesss...that's what I want..." She took his member in hand and began to stroke.

Cove moaned, overwhelmed by pleasure. How was this happening?

Then she removed her hand, sat back, and pulled her yoga pants and underwear down before climbing astride him. As she slotted the tip of his cock into the wet folds of her pussy lips, Cove had a moment of clarity.

"Wait!" he urged her as the head of his penis slipped between those lips. "Um...Julie wouldn't want this."

In answer, she slid another couple of inches of his cock inside herself. "Unhh...you didn't know that Julie found you attractive, Cove? I can read it in her mind."

"R-really? Is she seeing what you're doing?"

Ignis pulled up a little and then pushed down again, burying Cove's cock deep inside her borrowed pussy. "Uhhh...she is sleeping, and will not remember." Then she began to grind herself into him.

"Oh God..." he moaned.

Ignis smiled and began to ride him, slowly at first, getting used to the movement in Julie's co-opted body. "Mmm...I very much enjoy sex, Cove...I am glad that you desire me."

"You're...fucking amazing," he said to both Ignis and Julie.

She leaned forward. "Kiss me..." she urged him again, and moved her body faster upon him.

He did, but a few seconds later broke the kiss and moved his mouth lower, latching his lips to one of her prominent nipples.

"Ohh!" she moaned. "Flesh is so sensitive..."

Cove could feel his orgasm approaching. He was a sheltered 16-year-old, so didn't really understand the dangers of unprotected sex. He grabbed Julie/Ignis' hips and held himself as deep inside her as he could as he felt pleasure explode from his loins. "Uahh!" he cried out as he felt his creamy load, full of youthful sperm, rush up his cock and splash inside the vulnerable pussy of the possessed housekeeper.

"Ah! Yesss..." Ignis moaned as her own orgasm washed over her. "Fill me with your lava...umm! I love it!"

Finally, both of them lay back on his bed, sated and breathing heavily.

Cove turned to her. "Um...are you still Ignis?"

"Hmm, yes. The other times after we did this, you returned to your own world." She held one of her toned arms aloft to examine it. "It seems that it doesn't work the same way in your world."

He got up on one elbow. "Shit! What about Julie?"

She lay back, unconcerned. "I expect her mind will be restored when you return to my world. How did the orb end up here?"

He looked sheepish. "I, uh, accidentally swallowed it."

"Interesting! So swallow it again and it should return with you, yes?" She reached down and ran a finger through the semen that was slipping out from between her vaginal lips. "Your lava is trying to escape." She brought the finger to her lips and licked it off. "Mmm..."

He sniffed and sat up. "We should probably have a shower, get the sex smell off of us."

"A shower?"

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)