Relaxing On The Rooftop
by Titsandass1

Stephanie's roof top is surrounded by voyeurs.

An apartment building in this city having a shared rooftop patio surrounded by tall buildings is not uncommon. The patio is often furnished with chaise-lounges and a table with chairs. Potted plants add to the decor.

A balmy day in September finds me relaxing in a chaise lounge staring at sky and surrounding buildings. In my apartment two floors below my laptop sits on the desk in my office. Contained in its memory is the semi complete novel, a romance.

An hour had passed since I came outside at 6 P M. It's difficult to know how many pages I've written in my head during this time but the ideas are there. They just needed to be put into words.

It's a rare day that I don't take a call from my sister Anne. I grabbed my cellphone from the floor after just two rings.

We chatted for several minutes, some of it gossipy. My sister, as usual, did most of the talking. As I listened to her my brain converted the tidbits into pieces of my novel.

"How's the story coming along? Is it near completion?"

"I can probably write another 100 pages, maybe more."

"You will never guess what I saw today."

"What did you see?" I asked her knowing that she was aching to spread a story.

My sister proceeded to tell the long-winded tale. "I just got out of work and I was stopped at the light when I saw Alicia Martin dashing naked across the road to her house. I couldn't grab my phone soon enough. Otherwise I would've taken a photo and posted it to Facebook."

"Too bad you missed the photo," I said.

Standing 5 6 and weighing probably 126 pounds, Alicia has an hourglass figure that makes this lesbian want to jump on her bones.

Anne said, "she broke up with Kate."

"Really, how long ago," I asked.

"Recently, she's on the rebound."

Working from home living off the royalties from my novels means I can come and go as I please. Granted I'm neither as popular nor as wealthy as,say, Danielle Steele but my books pay the bills and afford me a few luxuries.

Wearing black leggings, a red/black sports bra and Nike sneakers, I came to the gym near my building to peddle the stationary bike and pump my legs on the elliptical. Like any other morning, I would stay for perhaps 45 minutes from 7 30 onward.

Between exercises I let my eyes wander for just a few seconds. Being single and lonely makes me check out the girls working out there. Some, like me, use the elliptical or bicycle. Others prefer lifting weights. They all are HOT.

Back at my desk, the ideas flow easily from my brain to the monitor. Page thumbnails of a lesbian romance which I hope with crack the half million mark in sales stretch the length of the "paper."

The notion to go naked on the rooftop had been triggering neurons for several days. It's freeing. It will let me get a tan making the pale spots under the bikini match the dominant darker complexion. People will gossip. For sure, I can count on Anne to do just that.

As I wrote the love scene between Jocelyn and Mauve modesty was losing the battle to a desire to be an exhibitionist. Who cares if voyeurs can see me from windows higher than my roof? Who the hell cares what people say when I'm not there to hear it? This girl doesn't give a shit about the gossip. Just don't be a pain in my ass people.

I closed the file and the software but left the lap top running. Barely a minute later I came outside onto the roof wearing a dark-purple cold-shoulder top, bluejeans and grey suede pointed-toe booties.

The footwear is a year old, as is the top. The jeans were purchased very recently. I love the top and wear it fairly frequently. I hate wearing a bra. In fact I only wear them when I'm in public. The funny thing about this attitude is that 18 years ago this then prepubescent girl ached to require one and wear it. It meant I was developing into a woman.

I took a seat at the table, removed the booties and left them under the chair. I stood up, walked to my left and pulled off my top exposing my generous boobs. After putting the cold-shoulder top on the table I pulled off the jeans and panties leaving them on the floor.

Thin wispy clouds with feathery tails were scattered for miles. A breeze was blowing east to west making me put my booties on top of my clothes. Having my clothing fly away on the wind is the last thing this girl needed.

Anyway I felt super comfortable being naked on the roof of my building. After taking a walk around the perimeter I stretched out on a chaise lounge.

I took a nap while I was on the roof. When my eyes opened again the sun was a 4 o'clock. Two hours passed quickly.

Back inside my apartment I took a long warm shower then went nude to the sofa. Not a big fan of television, I said, "Alexa read 'When You Least Expect It'."

Lori Prince resumed the narrative from the two-hour mark.

A visit at this time was was totally unexpected. Anyway a double knock sent me rushing to the closet for anything to wear.

I opened the door to Jason Kenner, a long time friend.

"Come in," I said.

He kicked his shoes off. That's considerate. I watched in horror as he opened his pants.

"What are you doing?"

"I saw you from my living room window. It made me horny."

"Jason I don't want to have sex with you. "

He zipped up and buttoned his jeans.

"Are you throwing me out?"

"Behave yourself, and I'll let you stay."

Jason plopped his butt into the rocking chair and I into the sofa.

"I just have one question."

I replied, "because I like being nude."

He said, "oh."

"It might be a different story if you have a vagina. I'm lesbian."

"Are you out?"

"To a few close friends," I said.

"Is there a girlfriend?"

"No, there's no girlfriend."

The conversation shifted gears. We chatted for about an hour. I made us some coffee. I mentioned my current novel in the works as well as previous tales.

"If you had read any of my books then you'd know that I'm gay."

"I'm not really into romance. I like spy stories and detective stories."

" 'Murder on Mulberry Street' is a detective story. The two detectives working the case are lesbians."

"I'll check it out."
