Of all the insults Sam has undergone in his life, there is something truly spectacular in having a prophet of the lord explaining the architecture of Hell using a mobile constructed from paper plates, string and a bendy straw. Perhaps the final straw in his bad temper, the one that sees the darkness lashing about like a caged octopus at the table under his feet is the mechanical pencil that he is using to point things out.

It doesn't help that he is protected by an archangel, the supernatural equivalent of the Hulk, so he can't just eat him.

He has a momentary flash of panic at that thought, so clearly Jessica's and not his own, but then Chuck, who has something about him that puts Sam in mind of a ferret, taps his pencil against one of the plates and asks, "why didn't you ask Bobby about this?"

And Dean answers, "he only gets to ask one stupid question a year, and he wasted it in January asking if there was any more beer." And Chuck has the gall to look understanding as his brother laughs at him. He didn't ask Bobby because it wasn't important. "Bobby expects the stupid questions from me, but Sam, not so much."

Sam has questions, he has a barrel load of questions, but the prophet seems to think that the most important question isn't how this happening but how these paper plates represent Hell and why the seven pieces of macaroni glued to the top one are incredibly important and what this has to do with the Lord of the Rings still has Sam baffled. However it seems that just putting his head on the table and calling it a day aren't options.

The coffee is spiked, Chuck at least seems more neurotic about it than they are and a poster of Black Widow in a skin tight pvc suit is looking at him. All in all, this day could be worse, but Sam's not quite sure how yet. At least Perry isn't gnawing on Jeremy's leg this time.

The day hadn't started well ,with Jeremy bouncing on the bed bellowing out "King Jeremy the wicked rules his world." Dean had played the song in the car a few days before and it had since become the darkling's own personal anthem. That led to rows because there wasn't a song with King Perry the Wicked in the chorus let alone, Norman, Sid, or even Daisy Ray.

Sam's never hated Pearl Jam as much as he does now.

Perry has decided that Jeremy's leg, which is spindly and ends with a too large boot, is the absolute best thing to get that remaining piece of meat out of his teeth, which leads to Jeremy beating Perry on the head to the opening drum beats of "we will rock you" which the other darklings sing en masse, rocking back and forth with at least one of them having a flame on the end of it's thumb.

As migraines go this one has the potential to be world ending.

Chuck is explaining about something called Baphomay as Dean explains its pronounced Baphomit as in vomit and Sam groans. The universe seems determined to pick on him today, and he just wants some fresh air, some cola and ten minutes to himself.

He doesn't think he's been alone since the Darkness manifested in his head. "Look, you just sit here and plot the end of the world, I'm going to get some fresh air."

"Don't go too far," Dean says and the two of them continue their argument like Sam had never spoken up because apparently, according to Chuck, Clive Barker pronounces it Baphomay in "Nightbreed" and that's reason enough but Dean is saying that he's been to Hell and they pronounce it Baphomit and that's right, goddamnit. Sam just knows it's spelt Baphomet and of all the problems in the world right now, how it's pronounced is the least of his worries.

He sits down on the grass beside the path, the post from the mailbox against his back and plugs in his ipod, appreciating the afternoon sunlight even if it really isn't the weather for this.

It's nice, he thinks as he thumbs on the music, just being alone in his own head for a bit. Across the street a pair of curtains twitch but he decides that they can look all that they want, he's just going to bask in the sunlight and listen to music until the world ends. Seth said that the corruption would be whatever he wanted it to be, and right now he wants it gone. If only for a little while, just so he can think his own thoughts, and not hers, and just feel the warmth of the sun upon his skin.

In his head Fiona Apple sings Slow like Honey and steady with need and the sun is warm, though the wind is a little brisk, and it doesn't matter that lurking in the shadows is the manifestation of his own psychosis, or that in the house behind him his brother discusses literature with a prophet of the lord, just that for once there is nothing but the sunlight and the music.

Part of him isn't even sure if Clive Barker counts as a legitimate source so he laughs to himself and across the road the curtain twitches again as Chuck's neighbour decides that Sam is some sort of hoodlum, and there is a momentary temptation to scare her, but nothing more, and the sunlight bakes away Jessica's taint so that when she appears later she is in white, and not the inky black, and her hair is it's original blonde. It's funny how she looks sad.

When Dean comes out he just tugs the white wire from one ear and says "you know, he's not that bad, seems we like the same movies, looks like a ferret though." And Sam suspects that Dean might have made a friend for life, even if he does think that Chuck looks like a ferret.

***

Lilith's new host is deliberately chosen to look like their mother, to look like Jessica. It would probably be more powerful if Jessica didn't manifest in the darkness, so when she knocks on the door, wearing her dental hygienist and tries to strike a deal Sam knows he can destroy her. She thinks that they are at an impasse but Sam knows better.

Lilith is a duke of Hell, but Belial is a prince and Belial said that they were equal, that in his role as the Boy King he outranks Lilith and that's what terrifies her. He can taste the demon's fear in everything that she does. When she suggests sex to seal the deal the Darkness within him suggests a more palatable alternative and for all her intelligence she doesn't panic when he turns out the lights.

She doesn't know, he smiles, she doesn't know. Lilith thinks that she's all that but she doesn't know about the Darkness within him, about this coiling mass that inhabits him and how in the shadows away from the streetlights and broken motel sign how it opens it's jaws ready to consume her, it's tentacles lashing and Jessica sat there in the chair, legs crossed watching.

Dean opens the door and he has Chuck with him and Sam's carefully choreographed plan turns to shit, because Dean is there to save the day and Chuck's pet archangel sends Lilith scurrying off for cover like a cockroach and Sam wants to howl into the night but he can't and Dean can't understand that he was this close, this close, because Dean thinks he's done the right thing. Maybe he even has.

Chuck knows things, he knows too much, but he's not a bad person, he's not a threat to anything, even the spiders in his bathroom so Sam can't take it out on him, and Dean with his damn messiah complex had to "save the day" again and it's a cluster fuck, and there's nothing Sam can do about it. He slams the door on the bathroom as Dean patronises and pretends to understand but can't, and then Dean storms out of the room and Sam just perches on the edge of the bath with his head in his hands and breathes, slow ragged breaths through his nose until he can think straight, and sitting in a pool of water in the sink is Nigel, wearing a silly little balaclava with the ears cut out having a bath and Sam has to laugh because it's just so ridiculous.

For all their horrors Sam sometimes thinks that the Darklings exist just to make him laugh, that no matter how vile the world may be one of them might pull some stupid stunt just to amuse him. It doesn't make it better but it makes it bearable.

On the local news that night there is a fire, a dentist practice burned to the ground but no one was hurt. Sam wonders why it seems that fires follow him around.

When Dean comes back they don't talk about it. Sam realises that he and Dean haven't talked about a lot lately. In fact other than discussing the fact that they are now the unwitting stars in a series of crappy novels he and Dean haven't talked at all.

***

Reigert is sat on the bench at the carpark over looking the little town to the east and the lake to the south. He is sat, despite the fog, with his coat open to the weather eating an incredibly phallic looking ice cream bar. When he sees Sam he offers him a knowing half smile and moves along on the bench. "Just the monkey I was waiting for." He says brightly.

Unsure why he is back in the town, when he hasn't been since Zachariah pulled him out to place him in office drone purgatory, Sam sits down next to him. "These are the reason that Hell will never take over Britain," he says practically fellating the icecream, it's yellow and green twisted around a red core and the whole thing is quite obscene. "What I love about twinkies is that the world could end and the next species along in a million years could dig one up and it would still be as fresh as the day it was made," this is said with a rather ironic twist to the lips, "but these," he smacks his lips, "these are worth going to Britain for."

"I'm sure I'm not here because you are currently having an affair with your icecream," Sam says leaning back against the bench and pretending he can see the boats through the fog, he did the last time he was here.

"I didn't summon you," Reigert answers, "you have nothing I want, if either you or your brother kill Lilith I will be pleased but nothing more. I just wanted to see if you had done any better."

"Dean interrupted me." Sam grates because he's pissed about it, he was so close and Dean has to swoop in with the forces of Heaven and then act aggrieved because it's Sam's fault.

"Probably for the best," Reigert says. He pushes the icecream into his mouth and pulls it out with a wet pop that is frankly obscene, then licks his way up the twist of green sorbet. "Of course, you know you're not really a monkey anymore."

If Sam is surprised by that information he doesn't let it show. "I'm the Boy-king." He answers blithely.

Reigert grins around his ice-cream. "Yes," he said, "I told your brother than the hardest truth was that the wants of heaven and hell were the same, did he tell you that?"

"No," Sam answers.

Reigert nods sagely. "Do you know what I learned," he says, it's clearly rhetorical, and he takes a bite of his ice cream, "monkeys are fascinating creatures, they will do the strangest things, the stupidest things, and then they beat themselves up over it. Is it any wonder we want to maintain the status quo. If we're playing with the monkeys Heaven is free to fight it's war."

"Against the demons?" Sam asks.

"He really didn't tell you anything did he." Bored with his icecream the angel throws it over his shoulder where it lands in the grass. "Heaven isn't interested in this world, the angels weren't here not because they trusted mankind to do what was right, but because they were too busy fighting their own wars. You create an army of super powered soldiers and leave them to their own devices, they'll fight the first thing they find, even if it's themselves."

Sam knows better than to interrupt. "You and your brother are intermissions, Azazel played a game, a stupid game, got him killed, woke Lilith, got the angels to take notice, all to free Lucifer, and do you know what, he could have done it without all the fuss and bother except," Reigert leans in as if to share a secret, "we wouldn't let him."

"The Seven."

Reigert offers him a smile that is almost a smirk, "Do you think Hitler woke up at two in the morning lamenting the horrors he wrought?" He asks, "or did Oppenheimer? Only one of them's in Hell, Sam. We wouldn't condemn this world, not when it's so much fun."

"Raise Lucifer, don't raise Lucifer, it doesn't matter. The angels didn't fall for the act of siring children on humanity, but instead for loving humanity more than god. It was the first act in their war. It's still the sword that cuts the deepest. Very few angels love humans, but I love the lost souls, I love the anguish that comes of doing the right thing no matter how evil it is, just as Belial loves the pleasure pain dichotomy and Asmodeus revels in war. We have our games, but if humanity is destroyed then there will be no more playing field.

"I told Dean and I'll tell you, Heaven wants Lilith stopped so she can't raise Lucifer, we want Lilith stopped so she can't usurp his power. Of course, no one has asked Lucifer what he wants." He laughs to himself. "Make your own mind up, Sam-I-am, will you serve the needs of Heaven or of Hell, or" he leans in so his breath is ice cream sweet on Sam's face, "under all the posturing and threatening and smiting, was it always the same thing all along?"