Getting to her car inevitably ended up being the worst part of Mika's day. The parking garage was huge and dimly lit. Every step she took echoed in the silence. She curled her fingers around the handle of her gun, the other hand clenching around her keys. Her heart was pounding.

"Mika," someone said quietly from behind her. She jumped, whirling around with a scream, pointing the gun -

"Hi," Raizo said, sounding amused, one corner of his mouth drawing up in a familiar smirk. Mika stared at him, her heart still racing with adrenaline.

Her chest felt fit to burst with too many warring emotions - panic and relief, embarrassment and happiness - and somehow what came out of her mouth was, "You've got some nerve. Just because Europol isn't really looking for you anymore doesn't mean you can just walk into headquarters! I almost shot you!"

"I knew you wouldn't," he said, infuriatingly calmly. For a moment, she was seriously torn between hugging him and punching him in the face.

Oh, fuck it, she thought, and threw her arms around him. He was stiff and awkward in her embrace, muscles locked up with surprise, his hands flying to her shoulders in a defensive position. Well. Of course. Probably nobody had hugged him in years. Maybe never. She ought to have thought this through a little more; she was probably lucky he hadn't shoved her away, or possibly sliced her to ribbons.

"I'm glad you came back," she said, loosening her hold and easing off. But before she could let go, he reached out to put his arms around her, a little awkwardly, spreading his hands over her shoulder blades.

When she finally let go, she let her hand linger on his shoulder for a long moment. She was almost sure he was leaning into the touch.

"I need to talk to you. Can we go somewhere a bit more private?" Raizo said.

"I've got a motel room, if you don't mind the occasional roach," she said, shrugging. She should probably have found a nicer place by now. But it had felt like too much of an admission that she was too messed up to return to her own flat any time soon, and she wasn't quite there yet. She'd go back home any day now. Just as soon as her hands stopped shaking every time she looked up at her dark windows.

"I have a guest room, if you want," Raizo said, studiedly casual, but she thought she saw a guarded glimpse of hope in his face. Her heart gave a little lurch.

"That would be great," she said.

*******

They didn't talk much in the car. Mika kept looking over at him from the corners of her eyes, both of them smiling a little every time their eyes met.

And then a bullet shattered the rear view mirror. "Fuck!" Mika yelled, flooring it, sending the car lurching forward. Oh God, no, not again, she thought, her heart trying to beat out of her chest. But there was no time for panic now. Someone was shooting at them in quick burst of automatic fire, bullets ripping holes through the windows. "Can you take the wheel?" she said, fumbling her gun out of its holster.

It was an insane way to be steering a car, him on the wheel from the wrong side and her feet still on the pedals, but there was no time for a learning curve. They jerked into the left lane among a chorus of horns, missing the car beside them by inches.

Raizo was dodging through traffic, steering the car with amazing precision for someone ducked down in the passenger seat. Mika leaned out the window, trying to get a clear line of sight on her attackers, thanking God for all the extra time she'd spent in the shooting range lately. Behind them, one lane over, three guys with machine guns were leaning out the window of a black SUV. She managed to take out one of them with more luck than real aim, and then Raizo made a pained sound and the car lurched to the side.

Mika drew her head back into the window, flinching in sympathy when she looked at him. Blood was flowing down his arm in blight red pulsing spurts. He was curled forward over the wound, still trying to steer, breathing in tight gasps.

"Put pressure on that, I've got the car," she said, dropping the gun in her lap. Her hands were shaking, slippery with sweat. They were going 150 down the crowded street, dodging and weaving around the other cars, almost crashing half a dozen times.

Raizo's arm was still dripping blood between his fingers, but at least it wasn't coming in spurts now. The machine gun fire hadn't slowed down any. They were going to be dead in a minute if she didn't think of something fast.

There was a bridge coming up ahead, a sheer drop fifty meters down to the river. Mika tightened her grip on the steering wheel, cold determination settling over her; her hands weren't shaking anymore. "Brace yourself, I'm hitting the brakes. We need to get beside them," she said.

Raizo looked at her, and then up ahead at the river. "I like the way you think," he said, his voice tight with pain, but the corners of his eyes crinkling a little.

Five hundred meters to the bridge, a momentary break in the rain of bullets while their attackers reloaded. Three hundred, two hundred - thank God it wasn't possible to aim precisely while shooting out of a weaving car at a fast-moving target. One hundred. A bullet knocked a corner out of the steering wheel half an inch beside Mika's free hand. Fifty. Thirty. Now.

She slammed on the brakes, and the SUV was suddenly beside them, the only thing between them and the railing. Mika got one glance at the driver's startled face, and then she was yanking the wheel around, slamming their car into the SUV with 150 km/h's worth of force behind it. The SUV slid to the side almost ponderously slowly, bending the railing under its weight, and then the wheels hit empty air, and it was gone.

Mika just barely managed to maneuver her rattling, dented car back onto the street before they followed the SUV over the edge. They fishtailed wildly over three lanes, dodged just barely past the fender off an oncoming truck, and then the bridge was suddenly behind them. Mika let the car roll to a halt on the shoulder. It took an effort to unclench her hands from the steering wheel. She collapsed back into her seat, squeezing her eyes shut against the tears prickling at her lashes. They were alive. Oh God, they were alive.

"That was good work," Raizo said, and even though she was shaking and on the verge of tears, Mika found herself smiling.

*********

Now that he was finally able to close his eyes and concentrate, it only took Raizo a few moments to stop the worst of the bleeding. It was going to take a lot longer to heal the wound properly, and he'd probably rip it open again if he moved the arm around too much, but it would do for now.

He opened his eyes and glanced over at Mika. She'd curled up in her seat, her face turned away. He could see a shimmer of wetness on her cheek, and her hands were white-knuckled in her lap.

Raizo wanted to put a hand on her shoulder, maybe say something comforting. But he wasn't sure if it would be welcome right now, or what he could say that would help. In the temple, crying had been punished, like everything Ozunu saw as a weakness. It didn't seem like much of a weakness in Mika, who'd cry and scream and keep fighting anyway; she didn't freeze up or make stupid mistakes out of panic, either, which was more than you could say for some of his clan brothers.

"Mika? We need to get out of here before the cops show up," was what he finally said.

"I'm… yeah. Fuck. I just needed a moment… Sorry," Mika said, taking a deep breath and pulling herself together with visible effort.

The car was rumbling a little alarmingly, and the bullet-holes were drawing way too much attention, but at least it still drove.

"So who were those guys, anyway? More ninja?" Mika asked.

"Not ninja. We don't do guns," he said. "Have you ever heard of Mikhail Kozlov?"

"The mobster? Of course."

"He liked to use the Ozunu clan to take care of his enemies."

"So he put out a hit on us because we got rid of his pet assassins? Great," Mika said, shifting gears with unnecessary vehemence. "I really hoped I was done with people trying to kill me."

"Sorry," Raizo said, looking down with a twinge of shame. For weeks, he'd fought with himself over coming back to Berlin. He'd known he'd be putting Mika in danger if he came back - there were still a few of his clan brothers out there, and they might be coming after him. But he hadn't been able to stop thinking about her. When his contacts had warned him that Kozlov might go after her, he'd been happy for the excuse to return.

******

They both breathed a sigh of relief when they reached his house without any further incidents. Mika peered around curiously. "Nice place!" she said, sounding surprised. Raizo followed her gaze around, still a little startled at the surge of possessive pride he felt every time he came home. It was a nice place, light and airy, with space for a dojo, and the neighbors far enough away that no one complained about the noise of his training.

He'd never had a home of his own before. He'd always needed to be ready to leave at a moment's notice, first so he could go where Ozunu ordered him, and later so he could start running at the first sign of danger. But he was done running away. If they wanted to come for him now, they could fight him on his own turf. Even just the idea of having furniture of his own still weirded him out. He'd never really owned anything that wasn't a weapon.

He showed Mika to the guest room, trying not to avoid her eyes while she looked around. It had to be obvious that he'd been doing some wishful thinking when he'd furnished this room. He'd been on the run for years, it wasn't like he actually knew anyone else he might invite to stay over.

But as much as he wanted to stay with her, his shoulder was starting to sting insistently. "I'm going to lie down for a bit," he said, pressing his fingers to the soaked fabric on his arm, trying to stem the renewed trickle of blood.

"Need any help with that?" Mika asked.

He shook his head. "I'm fine. Call if you need anything."

********

Mika woke up from her nap with a start, cotton-mouthed, her fingers numb where she'd been clutching the bedspread. She wiped the back of her hand over her sweaty forehead. Damn nightmares. There was a reason she'd become a forensic researcher instead of joining a strike team; she wasn't meant for this amount of stress.

It was just starting to get dark outside. Raizo's house had a lot of bright fluorescent lights. Mika tried not to feel silly about turning on every one of them, but she still felt a lot better with the house brightly lit.

"Raizo? You up?" she called, but got no answer. It was probably stupid to worry. He'd been hurt a lot worse the last time she'd seen him, and he'd recovered from that just fine. But the quiet was freaking her out a little, and the bullet had hit an artery. She was just going to check on him for a moment, and if he was just sleeping, no harm done, right?

Raizo's door wasn't quite closed, and slid open on smoothly oiled hinges. He was lying on his back in the middle of the bed, so still that for a moment she thought he was sleeping. But it wasn't a relaxed pose at all. His face was tight with concentration, and his muscles were tense.

It seemed uncomfortably intimate, watching him like this, for once completely unaware of his surroundings, and she didn't want to disturb his concentration. She took a careful step back, trying not to make a sound, but the instant her foot hit the floor, Raizo's eyes snapped open.

He moved with superhuman speed. She didn't even have time to recoil before he had her by the shoulders and her back hit the wall with a thud.

"Raizo!" she yelled. She saw the strike he aimed at her throat only when he pulled it at the last possible second, his fingers just barely brushing her neck instead of crushing her windpipe.

"Mika," he said. His voice was calm, but she could see all color drain from his face. He took two quick steps back. "Sorry."

"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have been sneaking around. You okay?"

Raizo wasn't wearing a shirt; she could see that the wound on his arm had closed up into an uneven, puckered scar, still raised and red, the edges beading up with fresh blood. He barely spared it a glance. "Fine. It's just a flesh wound. I'm sorry if I scared you."

"You didn't," she said. Her voice was shaking a little, but she wasn't scared of him. The inhumanly quick way he'd attacked had stirred up the memories, that was all. In fact, it was good to know that she wasn't the only one who got a little too twitchy, after all that had happened. Raizo always seemed so calm, unfazed by everything.

She pulled a clean tissue from her pocket and reached for his arm. "Here, let me," she said, carefully dabbing at the drops of blood. Raizo held very still, his muscles tense. He never seemed to know what to do with himself when she touched him. She wondered if he'd ever had anyone he could trust to get that close without trying to hurt him.

Mika dropped the tissue into the wastebasket by the door, but didn't let go of his arm. She gently slid her hand up to his shoulder, and his muscles bunched tight with tension under her fingers. She could feel other scars there, old and faded, crisscrossing each other. Most of his visible skin was covered with them. She stroked her thumb over one long raised line, feeling him tremble.

"Mika?" he said, very quietly, as if he was worried he'd scare her away. She leaned forwards, slowly, carefully, and he leaned down to meet her until their lips were touching. It wasn't an awkward kiss, like she'd half expected. He'd obviously done this before; but maybe not in a long time, she thought. He shuddered and pressed closer, giving a gasp that sounded almost shocked with pleasure.

She spread both hands over his back, holding him tightly. He was stroking her neck, slipping his fingers down to the buttons of her blouse. "Can I-?"

"Please," she whispered.

He pushed her blouse down her shoulders, his hands lingering on her skin, over the scar on the left side of her chest, and her heartbeat on the right. He had to be able to hear how fast her heart was racing.

She slid a hand up the inseam of his jeans, tracing the shape of his cock through the heavy fabric. He drew in a sharp gasp and curled forward, pushing towards her hand. God, this was killing her. Raizo was usually so in control of himself; it was amazing, being able to get that much of a reaction with the lightest touch.

She pushed him back towards the bed and gave him a gentle shove, letting herself fall down to straddle him, pinning him down with her hands on his shoulders. She realized her mistake as soon as she made it, when Raizo drew in a quick breath, tensing up, his hands instinctively coming up to push her arms away. He stopped herself before he made contact, but she was already climbing off him, anyway, letting him up.

"Sorry," they said, at the same time, both of them trying to laugh it off a little awkwardly, and then she reached out to pull him on top of her, and it was fine. Mika found herself smiling into their kiss. She'd forgotten how nice it was to have sex with someone you liked enough to just brush off the awkward little moments that always happened during sex.

Raizo was unhooking her bra, looking down at her with a dazed, happy expression on his face. They struggled out of their pants with more eagerness than grace, both of them gasping at the first press of skin to skin. Raizo buried his face against her chest, shuddering, his hips moving against hers like he couldn't stop herself. He slid a hand between her legs, and she put hers on top, showing him how she liked it; he caught on very fast.

Mika dropped her head back against the cushion, panting. God, this was good. She probably had a condom in her wallet somewhere, she was pretty sure, but this felt amazing, intimate, both of them clinging tightly to each other; it didn't seem worth interrupting at all. They'd have time for that later. God, she hoped they'd have time.

"Mika," Raizo said tightly, the rhythm of his thrusts speeding up. He barely made a sound when he came, but he was looking at her, and the startled bliss on his face took her breath away. He held himself up on one arm for a long moment, panting, his hair hanging down to tickle her chest; and then he shook himself a little and slid down, spreading her legs to make room for himself. He lapped at her curiously, almost clumsily for a moment, but it didn't take him long at all to figure out what she liked. She hooked a leg over his shoulder, drawing him in tight, her entire body curling towards him when she came.

Raizo rearranged them while she was still mostly limp with pleasure, pulling her close until she was lying with her head pillowed on his chest. There was a scar under her cheek, a raised pale line. She tilted her head a little and touched it with the tip of her tongue. Raizo laughed, tousling her hair. "That tickles."

"Mm," she said happily, settling back down. Her body was done for now, happy and sated, but she still felt curious. She wanted to sit back and really look at him, touch him all over, explore all the scars, find all the places he'd like to be touched. Later, she promised herself.

"You ever done this before?" she whispered.

He shook his head, smiling, a little bashful. "No privacy at the temple."

"Pretty good for a beginner," she said, feeling his laughter rumbling under her cheek.

She dozed for a while, curled up on top of him. "Is it safe if I stay here?" she eventually asked. She didn't want to go back to her lonely bed, but she also didn't want to end up strangled in the middle of the night because she'd startled him in his sleep.

"Yes. I'd like that," he said. "We all slept next to each other at the temple, I'm used to that. But people coming in while I was in a healing trance were usually bad news." His voice caught a little on the last words.

She nuzzled his chest, apologetic, and he drew her in a little tighter. "I'd like it if you'd stay," he said quietly, and she got the impression he wasn't just talking about this night anymore. "But there'll always be people after me. Kozlov won't give up that easily, and some of Ozunu's students are still out there. I can help you disappear, if you want - new name, a new life somewhere they can't find you."

She lifted her head to look at him. "Would you come with me?"

"I can't," he said, his arm wrapping tighter around her; she didn't think he was aware he was doing it. "I can hide you from Kozlov, and the ninja won't come after you. But they'll always be able to find me. As long as I'm with you, you wouldn't be safe."

"So what are you going to do?"

He shrugged. "There are other clans out there. Someone needs to stop them."

Mika closed her eyes. The thought of tangling with the ninja again scared her to death. But she hadn't stumbled into their line of fire by accident. She'd known they were out there, stealing orphans, killing people. It had taken a long time to find conclusive evidence, and longer to make anyone listen to her, and she'd fought for it every step of the way. She'd done it because she'd known they needed to be stopped, and no one but her was going to do it.

She'd joined Europol because she'd wanted to make a difference, and this was her chance. God, she was scared. But this time, Raizo would be with her. If she walked away now, she might never see him again. She took a deep breath, lacing her fingers with his. "I'll stay," she said, and her voice didn't shake.