No Strings on Annie
by drbenway ©

Jenny and I were sitting around my kitchen table, shooting the shit, when 
she noticed the boys up on the roof. She was looking out across my back 
yard at the new house they were putting up on the lot behind us. As 
always, both our husbands were away on business, and, as always we were 
bored, drinking coffee to try to spark some life back into ourselves and 
the shit we were shooting. From where we were sitting, double sliding 
glass doors look out on the pool. It was around ten in the morning, the 
sun coming down hard and bright on the flat blue water, reflecting heat 
and glare back at us. Along with the pounding from the construction back 
there, it was giving me a headache.

Jenny got up to close the blinds. "Hey, look, they're up there putting on 
the roof."

"Yeah," I grumbled. "There goes our nice private pool. The upstairs 
windows are going to look right down into our yard."

"Guess you're right. But it looks like we get the view, for now," she 
laughed, still standing there, holding the blinds cord.

"How's that?"

"Come over here and take a look."

I did, and saw three boys about college age, clambering around on the 
partially shingled roof. What Jenny was talking about was the fact that 
they were quite good looking and had their shirts off, showing off their 
lean, glistening, well muscled chests. "I see what you mean."

We watched them in silence for a moment. "But you're right," Jenny 
admitted as she pulled the cord, shutting them out. "I was looking forward 
to a swim. I don't know if I want to put on a show for those boys, though. 
I might be a little too much for them."

She laughed, just kidding around, but it set up some kind of a current in 
both our heads that swirled around and swirled around, until it began to 
take a definite shape. We were talking about other things, but the sound 
of the hammers from out back kept us aware of those boys up there on the 
roof. Finally, I said what we both were thinking: "You know, it might be 
kind of fun to take a swim and put on a show."

Jenny looked at me sharply, trying to gauge my meaning. Then she laughed. 
"Hmm," she said. "Maybe."

"Wait." I jumped up and ran back into the bedroom. "I've got just the 
thing."

I rummaged around in my bureau till I found what I was looking for, then 
wadded it up in a ball and closed my fingers around it. It was almost 
hidden in my hand. I was laughing when I walked back into the kitchen, 
holding my closed fist in front of me. "Tom brought this back from his 
trip to Brazil. It was a joke, but I knew I'd find a use for it some day. 
I guess if we're going to put on a show, we should make it a good one."

I opened up my hand and showed it to Jenny. She looked puzzled at first. I 
looked down at the wad of colorful cloth ties that lay wound up in a ball 
in my palm and understood. If I hadn't known what it was supposed to be, I 
wouldn't have recognized it either. "It's a swimsuit!" I said. "A string 
bikini from Rio."

I unraveled the ball and spread it out. It was truly remarkable. That it 
was supposed to be the sole covering for a woman on a public beach was 
fantastic. It was the absolute minimum, just three tiny triangles of cloth 
and some thin folded cloth ties. The two triangles of the top were 
scarcely wide enough to cover the average width of a nipple, and the 
bottom provided only a single triangle in front to cover a neatly trimmed 
pubic patch. The back was nothing but string. Of course, Tom had bought it 
for just that reason. I had modeled it for him once, and it had lain in my 
drawer ever since. There was nowhere in the U.S. that such a suit could be 
worn without running afoul of the law, with the possible exception of a 
nude beach.

Jenny gasped when she saw what it was. She picked it up and marveled. "I 
don't believe it. No way. It wouldn't stay on. You'd be flopping out all 
over the place."

She looked at me in outright astonishment and we both burst into 
uncontrollable giggles. But at the same time I was thinking how right she 
was. And particularly about me.

Jenny has a nice figure, but not heavy on top. I'm OK too, but decidedly 
heavy on top. I remembered when I modeled it for Tom. I had to walk very 
slow and very smooth to keep the damn thing from slipping off. Jenny might 
get away with it, but on me it would be just plain obscene.

She looked at me amazed. "You're going to wear this out there for a swim?"

"Well," I gulped, "if we're going to give them a show, I thought maybe one 
of us could."

"What, me?" She held up her hands and vigorously shook her head. "Oh, no."

"Well, one of us."

Jenny was skeptical. "Yeah? Well, it would be a show alright. Especially 
on you," she laughed. "Now that would be something to see. Those boys 
would probably fall off the roof. On me, no big deal. Right? So,... I 
guess you should be the one."

"Oh yeah. You want me to flop all over the place and make a fool of 
myself. You'd be all tight curves and put-together in it. Bet if we put it 
up to the boys, I could tell you which way they'd go."

"Maybe," Jenny answered, challenging, "but you'd never have the nerve to 
wear it anyway."

"Oh," I shot back. "Is that right. But you would?"

"I didn't say that."

"If I did, would you?"

"Well ..."

"Come on. It'd be a kick."

"Okay." Jenny challenged me. "But you'll never do it."

"I would," I answered. "I will. But let's flip a coin or something to see 
who goes first."

"I don't believe you. You couldn't. It would be ... indecent exposure."

"No, it wouldn't. It's my yard. It's fenced up to six feet high. It's 
private. They'd be the ones intruding, really. Right?"

"In theory, I guess."

"Well, who's going to do it?"

Jenny looked incredulous. "Annie, really, I don't think you could. You're 
just not built for it."

"Oh," I snorted. "Is that right, little Miss Trim? I'll have you know I've 
already tried it on, and it is possible."

"Oh, Annie, that's not what I meant." But she still looked doubtful. "You 
really going to wear that out there with those boys looking down? You 
think it's even safe?"

"Oh, shit," I laughed weakly. "What are they going to do, come in and rape 
us? They're just boys. They get goggle-eyed watching us; they go home and 
beat off."

"Maybe, but they're just a few years younger than us, you know. If I 
remember right, boys that age can be downright studs."

"Not with us they won't. This is just a show. Okay?"

"Sure. Fine with me. This I want to see. I still don't think you've got 
the nerve to walk out the door in it."

"We'll see," I said, showing more confidence than I felt.

"So go ahead," Jenny challenged. "I've got my suit right here. Let's go 
now, before it gets too hot."

She smirked at me as she pulled her T-shirt over her head and slipped off 
her sneakers. I matched her, but when she next unhooked her bra and let it 
fall away from her firm round breasts, I felt self-conscious about letting 
out my own overstuffed chest.


Not that I'm in bad shape. I work out five days a week and watch my 
weight. My waist is as slim as Jenny's. But my tits are just so goddamn 
big. It's embarrassing.

I finally let them loose. 

"My God," Jenny marvelled innocently. "You'll never get them into that 
suit."

"I will too," I shot back. I started tying the stupid little top around me 
below the damn things. When I twisted it around so the little triangles 
were in front, and pulled them up over my nipples, it looked like Jenny 
might be right. But the material was slightly stretchy, so it managed to 
cover and hold on. I tied the strings tightly behind my neck and stood up. 
By carefully tugging the triangle patches into place, my breasts stayed 
nominally in the suit, though acres of untanned flesh bulged out around 
all three sides of the tiny patches.

Jenny broke into nervous giggles. "Oh Annie," she gasped. "Those boys 
aren't going to believe their eyes."

I snorted resentfully and stripped out of my shorts and knickers. The 
bottom of that stupid suit was worse than the top. I guess I'd forgotten 
because I'm so sensitive about my oversized chest. But it really was 
nothing more than a single triangle of cloth with strings attached at each 
of the corners. I could get it to cover my pubic patch, but that was it. 
If I sat down, I would have to keep my legs studiously together, or I'd be 
showing off my naked crotch. Likewise, bending over would be out of the 
question. I was beginning to have second thoughts about this whole thing.

"Well, let's go," Jenny said brightly.

We went to the door and peeked around the curtain. The boys were still up 
there, nailing away. They had shingled about a third of the way up the 
roof. I put on a pair of sunglasses, pulled the curtain back and slid the 
glass door open. "Showtime," I whispered grimly.

I walked out into the incredibly bright sunshine and moved quickly, but 
carefully, to the chaise lounge. Jenny followed, still giggling softly to 
herself. Suddenly the sound of the nailing stopped. Involuntarily, I 
looked up at the roof. The boys, as I knew they would, were staring 
fixedly at us ... mostly, I suppose, at me. I was shocked at how close 
they seemed, and there was something eerie about the silence left behind 
by their pounding. I sat primly on the chaise, my legs firmly together. 
Jenny sat at the patio table, a big grin on her face, looking from me to 
the boys on the roof.

The sun was so hard and hot, I felt it broiling the tender skin of my 
breasts where my normal suit covered and this one didn't. In fifteen 
minutes, I'd have a burn. "Jenny, would you get me some sunscreen? We 
forgot to bring it out, and I'm not ready for the ass part of the show," I 
whispered wryly.

"Sure, Annie." She could hardly stifle a laugh. "You sure got their 
attention," she teased as she scampered back into the house.

While she was gone, I studied the reaction of the boys from behind my 
sunglasses. They were still focused intently on my nakedness, though they 
tried to look like they were working. Once in a while, they pounded down 
another nail.

I started to feel a little better. Walking out the door, I felt like I was 
walking into the unknown, losing control. Suddenly it hit me. I was in 
control now, more than ever. Those boys were like puppets on a string. I 
could shift innocently on the chaise and cause them to fall off the roof. 
I smiled to myself.

I thought about what my next move should be. I was still perched somewhat 
stiffly on the lounge. Consciously, I shifted to a more relaxed posture. I 
found a new kind of thrill to the suspense of it all. The least wrong move 
could result in the forbidden zones of my body flashing free to the 
audience watching breathlessly in the balcony.

Jenny returned with the sun cream. "I see they haven't lost interest," she 
commented, handing it to me.

"No. And I haven't either."

"Well," Jenny exclaimed. "I'm glad to see our little experiment is 
working. You seemed so ... I don't know ... angry, at first. Why not have 
some fun with it? Right?"

"Easy for you to say. You're not the one whose boobs are hanging in her 
lap."

We both laughed at that.

"No," she answered, "but I might try on that suit, later, just for fun."

"For our friends on the roof?"

"Maybe. Why not?"

"Hey," I said, "why not?"

I squirted some of the cream on my palm and rubbed it over the white skin 
around the tiny triangles covering my nipples. It felt so good, I slipped 
my hand under the cloth and creamed right over the whole tit. I had to be 
careful sliding my hand out from under the suit, but once I did, I found 
that the cream actually helped to keep the top in place. I quickly creamed 
the other one, then performed a similar manuver on the bottom.

The boys were dead silent again. Jenny, too, was watching me intently. I 
realized I was starting to feel the odd fluttering in my stomach that is 
always the first flicker of sexual arousal for me. And I knew it was the 
kindling of that fire they were feeling through me, some kind of erotic 
union that engulfed us all. That was the control I had. I stretched 
extravagantly and pointed my toes across the pool at the boys on the roof.

"Mmm," I sighed. "This sun is delicious. Come on, Jenny, lie down and soak 
it up. If you get hot, that's what the pool is for."

"Okay." She walked over to the other chaise, right beside me and dropped 
it down to the reclining position. "We're going to get those boys in 
trouble. They're not making much progress on that roof," she joked as she 
lay down on her stomach.

"Mmm," I murmurred, half to myself. "We better make it worth their while, 
huh?"

Jenny's laugh had a nervous tingle. "Yeah. Just what I was thinking."

A little later, the sun was getting so hot, I needed to turn over. That 
wasn't going to be quite as easy as it sounds. Given that there was 
nothing but a string running through my crotch, I wasn't quite sure what 
would be exposed if I rolled over. Another complication would be the 
manuevers necessary to get the chaise down to the full reclining position. 
Anyway I planned it, it seemed my butt was going to be pointed directly at 
them at one time or another, probably giving them a more obscene view of 
my anatomy than I was quite ready for. 

Jenny saw me squirming. "You ready for that swim?"

I glanced over at her and saw her shading her eyes with her hand and 
looking at me out of the corner of her eye, her mouth slightly crooked in 
a thin ironic smile. She had something in her head, but I said: "Yeah. 
Okay."

She stood up and walked to the edge, did a nice flat racing dive and 
stroked to the far end of the pool. "Wow," she said standing up in the 
shallow water, laughing, "come on in. It's great."

I stood up to follow and felt my breasts threaten to rip free of their 
minimal restraints. Suddenly I understood Jenny's secret smile. My 
Brazilian string was never going to stay put through a swim. Jenny was 
just waiting to see me humiliated, fumbling to cover my outrageous chest, 
running for the house. I walked carefully to the edge of the pool, vowing 
I'd never give her that satisfaction, at the same time wildly stimulated 
by the silent stares of my audience.

I dove in gracefully, but a little deeper than Jenny had, conscious of the 
flash of buns they'd be seeing as I slashed into the water. A split second 
later, I was aware of how much more they'd be seeing when I came up. The 
suit seemed to lose all sense of purpose the minute it hit the water. The 
same stretchiness that helped to cover, when I artfully pulled it into 
position, allowed it to wander aimlessly when it felt the first tug of the 
water. My breasts were definitely floating free, and the bottom seemed to 
have become similarly displaced.

I swam along, underwater, trying vainly to corral my breasts beneath the 
tiny triangles. No way. I saw Jenny's legs as I approached the shallow 
end. I couldn't see her face, but I could picture her laughing as she 
looked down at my struggle under the water. She had been egging me on all 
the way, just waiting for this.

I swam up to her and pulled the bottom of her two piece suit down around 
her knees before I popped my head above the surface to get a breath. She 
was laughing, alright. I heard her as the water cleared from my eyes. It 
wasn't the nasty "ha ha, look at you" -type laugh I was imagining, though. 
It was more the uncontrollable giggles of high spirited play.

I finally got my floating boobs contained and ventured to stand up. Jenny 
was still watching me with that challenging mischievous smirk on her face. 
I figured she must have pulled her suit back up, her expression was so 
smugly amused. But then I saw it floating away under water. She hadn't 
pulled it up; she'd kicked it off. I must have watched it with my mouth 
open, because she broke out laughing again, just before she lowered 
herself underwater and swam back to the deep end. I watched her buns 
flashing up through the rippling surface and wondered what the boys could 
see - probably not a lot less than I could, I guessed. I dove under and 
swam after her, giving them the same view. 

My brain was spinning. The anger at Jenny mixed with embarrassment for my 
oversized tits; the sexual tension of teasing the boys on the roof somehow 
feeding the irrational sense of power I'd found in this ridiculous 
situation; now confusion over Jenny's game growing into a gnawing sexual 
fear. What was she doing? 

I shivered as I swam, and not from the temperature. The water felt cool 
and silky sliding over my skin. At the end of the pool, Jenny was hanging 
with her back to the side. Her legs scissored softly around the shocking 
patch of darkness at her crotch.


I came up beside her, automatically repositioning my misplaced strings. In 
a moment, the suit was nominally back on, the water cleared from my eyes, 
and Jenny was laughing again at the questions that knitted my brow.

"Well, you seemed so uptight," she said. "I thought it might be more fun 
if we both played the game. Come on." Then she dove under again, her 
shocking white buns rippling the surface, and swam away.

I glanced up at the boys before I followed. They had dropped all pretense 
of work, gathered on one of the supports, and just sat there watching us. 
It was the look on their faces, so serious and intense, that finally made 
me understand why Jenny laughed. I smiled to myself as I went under and 
swam like a maniac after her, my breasts bobbing around me like a set of 
water wings.

She was standing against the shallow side of the pool, with her back to 
the boys, her buns hidden by the wall. I came up beside her, also turned 
away from the boys.

"Annie, I told you that suit woudn't fit you," she grinned, when she saw 
my boobs hanging free.

"I know," I laughed ruefully, trying to get it back in place for the third 
time.

"Well, you said I could try it. Let's see how it fits me."

"You mean now," I started to say. But she was already untying the strings 
in back. "Hey," I protested.

Jenny pulled the top away and I just stood there. I was still confused, 
but I couldn't help but notice how good it felt to be rid of those 
binding, useless strings. Jenny moved out away from the wall of the pool 
and faced me. Her pubic patch was just inches below the surface of the 
water. I was sure the boys could see it as clearly as I could. But I guess 
that didn't matter to Jenny, because she looked at the strings quizzically 
for a moment, then laughed: "Amazing!" half to herself, and pulled her own 
top over her head. Her sleek firm breasts gleamed in the bright sunshine.

"Guess this one wouldn't fit you, either," she said, flinging her top up 
on the deck. She began to tie the strings into place. "Well, how about 
some help," she said, turning around.

I moved toward her in a kind of trance. She was leading me through this 
game and I just wasn't quick enough to catch up to her. I felt my naked 
breasts swaying in front, however, remembered the boys behind me, and 
managed to keep my back to them. I grabbed the strings and tied them in a 
bow at the center of her back. When she turned around, I had to work at a 
smile.

"So, how do I look," she chirped brightly. Jenny looked fantastic in the 
suit. She reminded me of the models in Sports Illustrated. All she needed 
was the tan to match the coverage of the suit. Yet the whiteness 
surrounding the tiny patches of cloth only seemed to emphasize the open 
sexuality that she flaunted. I knew the boys must be melting, and I was 
downright jealous.

"Not bad," I sniffed. "I guess your breasts are small enough to fit that 
tiny thing."

Jenny laughed merrily, her eyes sparkling. "See. I told you. Now let me 
try the bottom."

"What?" I exploded. "You're crazy. That'll leave me bare-ass naked. No 
way."

"No fair. You promised," Jenny whined, imitating a spoiled child.

"No way. I'm already humiliated enough. How am I supposed to get from the 
pool back into the house without giving those boys a big thrill?"


"What's wrong with that?" she smiled, innocently. "And, Annie, you're 
right about one thing."

"What."

"You are a big thrill." She dove under again, and came after me, trying to 
get the bottoms untied.

This time I was ready. I'm bigger and stronger than she is, so I pushed 
her away easily, before she could get her hands on the dangling ties. I 
dove under and swam to where the bottom half of her two-piece was resting 
on the bottom. Jenny was right behind me, so I grabbed it and surfaced, 
throwing it as far across the deck as I could.

"How do you like that, little Miss Wise-Ass," I teased when Jenny came up 
beside me. "If I've got to parade myself topless. You're going 
bottomless."

"Oh yeah," she shot back and went under again, going after what was left 
of my tiny Brazilian string.

I pushed her away and started back to the shallow end. But Jenny was 
faster, and I felt her hands grabbing at the loose ends of the strings as 
I pulled and kicked through the water. She managed to get one side untied, 
before I came up. I heard her giggle as she came up for a breath. It 
stopped when she dived back under and went for the other side. I was 
getting annoyed, and I had my feet back on the bottom of the pool. When 
she came at me, I caught her around the waist and pulled her right up out 
of the water. At least her legs and butt came up. She was holding onto my 
leg under water, so only her bottom half broke the surface. Her legs were 
kicking and squirming in the air, and I realized what a fine show I was 
giving the boys. I threw her away from me, but she caught one of the 
strings and the little triangle of cloth slipped away with her.

I was standing there in three feet of water, in plain view of three young 
men I'd never seen before, stark naked. It was a strange feeling, but not 
unpleasant, I found. I only wondered what was next.

Jenny surfaced, strings in hand, crowing in triumph. "I got it. I got it." 
She threaded it through her crotch and started tying it at her hip. "Now 
you can see how it's supposed to look."

She smiled when she said it, just a teasing wisecrack, but it stung. I 
guess I was still sensitive about my outrageous voluptuousness, especially 
standing there with it all hanging out. When Jenny finished tying the 
strings on, it didn't do anything for my self-confidence. She looked 
fabulous. Even under water, I could tell that the minimum coverage of the 
suit just set off her lithe curves. There was no doubt that what she said 
was true, the stupid little suit actually fit her. On me, it was a joke.

"Okay," I sniffed. "You think you look so good in it. Let's see you model 
it. Do a promenade around the pool. See what the boys think."

"Oh. That's a great idea."

She swam gacefully back to the deep end and climbed the ladder out of the 
pool. The perfect curves of her back and buns and legs were unobstructed 
for me and the boys. She turned to face us, smiling. I wondered how I'd 
ever worn such a thing. Even on Jenny's more petite frame, it looked like 
nothing. But she was beautiful, and the suit did nothing to hide it. She 
walked around the pool with studied poise and grace, the expression on her 
face conveying the real enjoyment she took in showing off her body.

I glanced over my shoulder at the boys. They hadn't moved. They stared at 
Jenny with open admiration and astonishment. I was supremely jealous.

Jenny finished her modeling just behind me on the lip of the pool at the 
shallow end. I couldn't turn to look at her without showing my breasts to 
the boys.

"Well?" she said, waiting for my reaction.

"You look wonderful in it," I admitted grudgingly. "I'm sure the boys 
would say so, too."

She did a flat racing dive and swam to the deep end, then back to me. When 
she stood up, adjusting the tiny nipple patches, I had to smile, thinking 
of all the trouble the damn suit had given me.

"Okay," I said before she could gloat. "You proved your point. The suit 
looks good on you; looks silly on me. You can have the damn thing. But, 
there's just one problem. How am I going to get out of the pool and back 
in the house, now, without making a big spectacle of myself."

Jenny looked puzzled. "What do you mean? I thought that was the point."

"Well, yeah,..." I spluttered. "But not like this. Jenny, I'm stark naked. 
I can't just climb out of the pool and casually walk back to the house 
with these bazooms bouncing around like grapefruit in a sack."

She smiled at that. "You're right. Your audience would be so disappointed. 
You've got to give them a better show than that. What I think you should 
do is grab some more rays on the chaise lounge. That would knock their 
eyes out."

"But Jenny," I gasped, "I couldn't do that. At least with those tiny 
patches in place, I could pretend to myself I was covered. It's different 
with nothing at all."

"Yeah. It's more fun. Let them see the real you. Forget about pretending. 
Believe me, without the suit, they won't see much more, but the impact is 
ten times as much. You get out there and let them see you that way, they 
won't even know I'm here."

"Well, what are you going to do?" I asked.

"Think I'll do some laps." She started to swim away.

"Wait, Jenny. I don't think I can do this. Go get me a towel, will you?" I 
felt like I could hardly breathe, from the tension that had built inside 
me.

Jenny turned around and looked at me appraisingly. "Well, I will if you 
want me to. But I don't think you do. Swim a couple laps with me and think 
it over. Then, if you want a towel, I'll go get you one."

She took off, surging strokes pulling her through the water. The narrow 
strings became invisble under the churning water, but the lasting 
impression was not of her nakedness, but of her grace and strength. 
Somehow it gave me confidence. Jenny seemed to know what this was about. 
She seemed comfortable. On her second lap, I pushed off beside her.

The water slid around me smooth and cool. I had to work hard to keep up 
Jenny's pace, but I began to feel stronger almost immediately. I thought 
of competitive swimmers shaving their bodies to cut down on the drag. My 
body seemed to flow through the water so much better without the 
interruptions of a swim suit.

As good as I felt, I'm still not as strong a swimmer as Jenny. After about 
five laps of that short pool, I began to get winded. I pulled up at the 
deep end and rested hanging from the side of the pool. Without thinking, I 
turned to watch Jenny's progress. I was about armpit deep in the water, my 
breasts free-floating in front of me. I heard something like an 
involuntary exclamation coming from the roof. I looked up and laughed 
softly. The boys were straining to believe what their eyes were telling 
them. For the first time since I'd lost the top, I was facing them 
directly. Their expressions once again showed me the wisdom of Jenny's 
laughter. They looked astonished and eager, much too serious to act 
casual.

Jenny pulled up after another lap to tread water in front of me. "So," she 
said. "Feel good?"

"Yeah," I drawled, suppressing a grin. "It does."

"You going in?"

"Uhn, I think maybe I will get some more sun."

"Oh." Jenny made wide eyes and moved over beside me. "You ready for this?"

"Yeah, I guess so."

"Mind if I watch while you get out? I want to see the look on those boys' 
faces."

I wasn't sure what she meant, but I said: "Sure. Go ahead."

"Oh," Jenny explained quickly, "I mean from the water, here. I'm going to 
do some more laps."

"Okay." I suddenly realized that the time was upon me. I got a big ball of 
nerves that rose in my chest and threatened to smother me. At the same 
time, I was so turned on, my breasts and labia felt like they were 
burning. A scene of me falling down in a faint as I walked to the chaise 
lounge flashed through my head. Strangely, I saw it as the boys would 
have, from up on the roof, a hundred feet away. I knew it was nothing but 
my overworked immagination, but it put me into a kind of sexual trance.

I dove under and swam to the ladder. It came up on the deck just a few 
paces away from the lounge chairs, but I would be walking directly toward 
the boys, giving them just the view they strained for. So what, I thought 
as I grasped the ladder and pulled myself up. I'm going to be laid out on 
the lounge right in front of them, anyway. I moved purposefully up the 
ladder and out of the water, without any further coherent thought. The 
sensations that rippled through my consciousness blended into an erotic 
trance, and I was only aware of the general feel of them.

I walked to the chaise and felt the sensual sway of my breasts, the feline 
padding of my bare feet on the hard concrete, and the hitch of my hips at 
each step. I knew that the boys could sense these things almost as 
personally as I did. Their nerves, I believed had been rubbed as raw in 
anticipation as mine.

My sunglasses were on the small table beside the lounge. The sun was still 
as strong, and I thought of putting them on, but didn't. I could have hid 
behind them, and watched the boys with that measure of privacy. But I had 
decided to show myself to them, and I would do it completely, eyes 
included.

I lay down on my back, again locking my knees together. I didn't want to 
scare them, and I didn't want to be gross.

I heard Jenny murmur, "very nice," just before she took off again into her 
laps. I guess so, I thought, glancing up at the boys again. I caught one 
nudging another and making a comment. His face remained serious, and the 
other nodded. The boys certainly seem to think so.

The sun warmed me, and deepened the trance. I squirmed about on the 
plastic covered mattress of the chaise, trying to find the position that 
would still the rising tide of my own sensuality. But each new angle just 
added to the heat. And I was getting careless with my legs, opening them 
slightly at different angles, teasing the boys, teasing myself.

Finally, I rolled all the way over, and gave them my backside. Jenny 
splashed on, and I felt alone with the boys. My need was growing to the 
point where I began to understand that it would need relief. I pressed my 
pubic region into the pliant firmness of the mattress and was rewarded 
with a pure rush of sex that flooded my veins and centered in my erogenous 
zones. I was on the edge, but I wanted to hold it there as long as I 
could.

I rolled again to my back and reached for the suntan lotion. Methodically, 
I spread it over the skin that had never before seen the sun. First my 
breasts, my big beautiful breasts, that sat up on my chest so round and 
firm, nipples rigid at attention. The feeling of my hands caressing them 
was exquisite. Not quite to the point of orgasm, but tantalizingly near. I 
suppose I rubbed them long after the lotion had been effectively spread, 
but that didn't worry me. I knew what was next, and the boys knew what was 
next. Thoroughly savoring each moment leading up to it was a fundamental 
right, at that stage.

Finally, I squirted another glob of the creme into my palm and began to 
massage it into the whiteness around my pubic hair. I looked down and 
watched my hands, as if they belonged to someone else. I was a little 
shocked at how open I was to the boys. My legs had parted, of their own 
accord, waiting for the magic touch, oblivious to the audience that peered 
intently into the gap between them. My eyes moved from the obscene 
whiteness of skin, the darkness of pubic hair glistening with sweat in the 
brilliant sun; to the boys transfixed on the roof. Involuntarily, I 
moaned, with the tension that was theirs, as well as mine by then.

Urgently my fingers moved, kneading my pubic patch, slipping lower with 
each stroke, teasing the pleasure point with a light glancing touch. Then 
I knew I couldn't hold it any longer. One finger slid directly over the 
point with a firm but gentle pressure.

That was all it took. I went into convulsions of sexual release. A part of 
me held onto a tattered thread of consciousness and struggled to keep my 
body from erupting into wild undulations of pleasure. That much decorum 
seemed required by the terms of my unstated agreement with the boys. But 
my hands moved hungrily over my crotch, while my back arched against rigid 
stomach muscles and my legs stretched and strained and pointed my toes. It 
was all I could do to keep inside the wild cries of joy that wanted to 
burst from me.

I lay quietly panting for a while, my body spent, the wild erotic tension 
totally discharged. I glanced once at the boys, and even they seemed 
sated. I felt a lingering fondness for them in the afterglow of the 
experience we had shared, but they had served their purpose, and could go 
back to work, as far as I was concerned.

The sun was hot, and I turned over again, to take it on my back. I fell 
into a light sleep, that drifted over me like a gentle golden fog. Jenny 
had to touch my shoulder to rouse me.

"Well, I guess you got comfortable with our little game."

I rolled over with a sigh and smiled up at her. "Yeah."

Her eyes widened in mock surprise and she laughed. "Very comfortable."

"Umm," I nodded.

"I was thinking about joining you, but I suspect the boys have seen 
enough. You ready to go in?"

"Okay." I stood up slowly, feeling lightheaded. "You want a shower?"

"Sure."

We walked over to the little lattice enclosure and turned on the dual 
shower heads. Jenny stripped away her tiny suit and we stood silent under 
the parallel streams of cool water. There, we were partly obscured from 
the view of the boys by the lattice, but it didn't seem to matter anymore.

The water revived me, bringing back the energy and freshness the sun had 
sapped from my flesh. I was totally relaxed and receptive to every 
sensation. I closed my eyes and savored it.

When I opened them, I found Jenny staring at me with an odd expression. 
"You know you are very beautiful," she stated matter-of-factly.

"Yes," I answered slowly, thinking it through. "I guess I am, but I wasn't 
so sure when I saw you in that little suit. I was pretty jealous."

"I know you were. But now I hope you can see how silly that was. Right?"

"Yeah."

"Good," she said, nodding conspiratorially. "That's important."

We went back in the house and got dressed. A few moments later, the 
hammering began again. When we first heard it, we looked at each other and 
laughed. 



