Ex-citement, Part 3 - a Story
  by Delta Venus

Copyright 2009, 2010

Kris woke up feeling pretty good. She had slept well, and if she
had any dreams they stayed neatly tucked away in dreamland, not
bothering her conscious mind a bit. She was a little surprised at
how she felt. She had expected to be nervous and apprehensive.
Having to deal with dangerous men and engage in felonious conduct
wasn't an every day occurrence, after all. But she did feel good,
perhaps even a little charged up. /The excitement must be winning
out over the fear/ she thought briefly.

She showered quickly, only taking time to shave her legs and
underarms properly. She applied a liberal coating of soothing oil
to her now smooth skin once she was done with her shower,
enjoying the silky feel of it. Her good feelings continued, and
she dressed a little flirty that morning. She picked out some
reasonably sexy underthings, sheer black panties and a frilly
push-up bra that was mostly black lace. Not her sexiest things,
but definitely a level or two up from Plain Jane. Next came a
loose fitting aqua blouse, that showed off the cleavage the bra
pushed up to good effect, and a matching skirt that wasn't quite
a mini, but rode high on her thighs. A pair of moderate high
heels, not her "fuck me" pumps, but way past athletic shoes or
casual flats, finished off the ensemble. She looked good, and
enjoyed the way she looked in the mirror for a bit before leaving
to meet Brad.

When Brad opened the motel room door, he managed to hide his
surprise at her outfit. /Damn! She looks a lot sexier than she
did yesterday, and she looked quite fuckable then. I knew she'd
be ready for this, but I had no idea she'd be *this* ready!/ he
thought.

"Come in, come in Kris. You look good, baby. I assume you've
calmed down, and you can deal with the program today without
freaking out?"

"Yes, Brad. I'm much calmer. I thought about what you said, and I
realized it was just all that unbridled testosterone that was
giving me the willies. I'm sure these guys you are dealing with
just want to get business done, so no worries."

/What a crock of shit! I'm still a bit worried, but I'm more
excited and charged up by it today, than overwhelmed by nerves. I
want things to be dangerous.../ thought Kris. /Why? Doesn't
matter. Fuck it!/

The feelings boiling in the back of her brain were pushing
forward more and more insistently, and getting harder to ignore.
She engaged Brad in some idle chit-chat to distract herself,
asking about some old friends, if he had looked them up, what
they were doing now, any stupid thing she could think of that
meant nothing and would occupy her mind for the moment. Brad went
along with it, thinking it was just plain nervous conversation,
and letting her prattle on would help her to remain calm and get
started towards the final setup he had planned two days ago.

"Enough chit-chat Kris, you need to get going."

"OK."

Kris took a deep breath, and exited the motel room. Brad stood in
the doorway for a bit, to see her off. He still wasn't entirely
sure she wouldn't back out, and he was relieved when the Subaru
turned right out of the driveway, heading for the rendezvous, and
not left, towards her house. He went back in the room, closing
the door, and sat on the bed while he dialed his phone.

"Hello, Brad."

"Paul. Is Cameron there with you?"

"Yes, yes he's here. You want to talk to him?"

"No, no. I just wanted to make sure you guys were ready. She just
left."

"Yep, were ready and anxiously waiting. That is one hot number,
Brad. I sure wouldn't be sharing her if I were you, but I'm glad
I'm not you!" he laughed.

"OK, bud. Be seeing you soon. Don't fuck it up!"

Click.

***********

Kris was back in the nasty part of town, pulling up at the crappy
bungalows she had visited yesterday. The piss yellow Nova wasn't
there today, it had been replaced at the curb by an ancient hulk
of a pickup truck, peeling red paint where it wasn't already
rusted through. She didn't quite understand why she was here, and
the feeling nagged at her. /Couldn't we have gotten all this done
in one trip?/ she wondered.

Chema opened the door when she knocked, and today he was all
business. The big Mexican looked her over, and seemed to like
what he saw. At least he gave a little smile after checking her
out. He was all business today, though. No flirting, no pressure
to hang out and party. He didn't even invite her in.

"Here's the stuff. Make sure it gets where it is supposed to."

With that, he handed her the now familiar duffel, and closed the
door, practically in her face. /I wonder what that was about? He
sure seemed different yesterday... the hell with it, who cares
anyways? Do what you gotta do!/

Kris was quickly on her way to the bikers apartment, and more
than a little pleased to be getting out of that part of town. She
parked in the underground garage, like she had before, but this
time she noticed how clean it was. No graffiti, no trash, kept up
nicely. And the cars. New cars, well maintained and expensive
cars. /What the fuck? This isn't the type of place bikers rent
out./ The nagging doubts were getting stronger, but still hadn't
firmed up into anything she could make sense of. /Something isn't
right about this, but what the hell is it?/

The trip up in the elevator gave her a few moments to think about
it, and she added another puzzling clue to the mix. She realized
now how much more upscale the whole neighborhood seemed than it
had in the past. The people on the street had been well dressed,
and not nervous at all about being there or walking around alone.
The buildings still had the old look and feel, but there were
obvious signs of renovation, not rotting urban decay. Her sense
of something being out of place was getting quite strong.

After walking down the clean, well lit hallway with it's freshly
vacuumed carpet, she got the same gruff treatment at the door
when she knocked, glared at from behind the still chained door.
She wasn't buying it today, though. It didn't ring true. The
bearded biker opened the door, and let her in. There were two
other men with him in the apartment, a thin guy with wavy, well
styled brown hair and a mustache that wouldn't have looked out of
place on a gay porn star. He was sitting on the expensive couch.
At least it sure looked expensive. The other guy had just come
out of the back bedroom as she entered the apartment, a stocky,
ugly man with coal black hair and a barrel chest. The same
clutter was there from yesterday, except it was arranged a little
differently, like it had been cleaned up and then put back. The
pieces of the puzzle were falling into place in Kris's head, but
the picture still wasn't absolutely clear.

She was nervous. Now it wasn't the nerves of someone doing
illegal things, it was the tension of knowing she was being
played, set up for something she didn't know about. She found
this new fear quite stimulating, and wasn't about to run away
before she discovered what the play was. /God, two days ago I'd
have been *so* gone, I'd never have hung around to find out what
the danger was, and I wouldn't be so *excited* at the
possibilities. What the hell is wrong with me?/ Kris thought.
That was stirring up those dark demons, though, so she shoved
that thinking aside, and tried to focus on the here and now. What
would happen?

The "bikers" began to say their lines, and play their parts. She
was sure it was an act now, and these were no bikers. She decided
to go along with it. Obviously she had a role to play in this
little farce, and she wasn't going to find out what it was
without acting her part. The black haired one took charge, and
went through the bag, while the thin guy just sat mutely on the
couch, and the bearded one stood to one side looking at the
performance a little nervously.

"The bag is short, little lady! Have you been dipping your
fingers in our shit?"

"No. That is what Chema gave me, I haven't touched anything. I
didn't even open it."

"Bullshit! We'll just see about that. Paul, get her keys and go
check out her car. I'll deal with her."

The bearded one took her car keys and left. He hadn't even asked
what she was driving. Did he already know? Or was he even going
to bother going down to the parking garage. /What a poor
performance! Brad must have set this up, but what was he
thinking? Why all the bullshit?/

"OK, sexy. I'm going to check you out to make sure you aren't
hiding anything on you. Lean against the wall there, with your
hands up high, and your legs spread. You've seen the cop shows,
I'm sure you know what to do."

With a sigh, Kris went ahead and did as he asked. Bossy did a
quick frisk, and then took the opportunity to feel Kris up rather
thoroughly. This had been the plan all along, he knew there
wasn't anything to find, other than her firm buttocks and full
breasts. He certainly focused on those, much more than trying to
discover anything else she might have tucked away under her
clothes. He finally had enough for now, and quit his caressing
probe of her body. Kris was more than a little turned on by the
rough, crass treatment, even though she knew it was all an act.

"OK, you're clean. I guess you must have hidden the stuff before
you got here, because Chema would never short us! That is fine,
bitch. You've got a nice body, we'll just have you use your
assets, and I do mean ASS-ets, to pay us for what you took.
Unless Paul finds the shit in your car? Is he going to find it?"

"No. There isn't anything in my car to find, and I didn't take
your shit. What shit are we talking about anyways?"

The "biker" seemed a little flustered by her question, he was
expecting her to be a little more meek and vulnerable, and she
wasn't quite behaving as he expected her to. She was still going
with the program, though, so he blustered on ahead.

"Drugs and money. Both. We're short about a quarter ounce, and
several hundred bucks. Maybe you gave it to your boyfriend, Brad,
huh? If Paul doesn't bring it back..."

It clicked. The beer bottles strewn around the place were
imports, not the sort of cheap stuff bikers would be drinking.
The apartment was too nice, the furnishings too expensive. It
finally all added up. Brad had set her up to relive the time he
had shared her with the bikers to pay off a debt! Except those
had been real bikers, and that debt had been very real. This was
all phony. A total sham. She even realized she recognized Chema,
and wondered why she hadn't before. He was on TV all the time,
shilling for a charity that helped young men get out of gangs.
/Shit! I wonder what the "drugs" we snorted really were?/

She was still excited, but the fear was gone. Now she knew what
was supposed to happen, and the thought of it was quite
stimulating. She was going to get fucked! Three guys, when Paul
came back, four counting Brad, who should show up soon to get in
on the action. /Wow! A full blown gang bang. I shouldn't be
turned on by that, but I am. I've been so fucking bored! I'm
tired of being the dutiful housewife, and I have been for years,
I was just afraid to admit it. Let's rock, boys! I'll make your
wet dreams seem tame.../

Paul came back, supposedly from checking her car, but she
realized that not only had he not asked what she was driving, she
hadn't given him the key code to the electronic locks. There was
no way he'd been in her car, even if he had figured out which one
it was. She put on her game face, and began acting nervous, so
the show would continue. She didn't want to spoil the fun now!

"Nothing in her car, Cameron. The bitch must have given it to
Brad already."

"OK, sweets. You are going to play hostess for us, until we get
hold of your double-dealing boyfriend. If you act real nice, and
give us a bit of a show, maybe we won't take it out of your ass!"
Cameron laughed. He did a good job of it, the best of the three
at acting out the scene, although the thin one still wasn't
talking, probably afraid he'd blow his lines. She wondered what
these guys really did for a living. Paul obviously wasn't an
actor.

Cameron had pulled out a pistol from somewhere, and set it on the
table next to the couch, obviously making sure Kris saw it. Crude
intimidation. She let herself be intimidated, even though she was
sure the gun was either unloaded or a fake. At Cameron's
insistence, she took off her blouse and skirt, acting very
reluctant and nervous while she did so, and proceeded to get them
beers and snacks from the fridge while they watched sports on a
large, expensive flat screen TV. The TV was another clue, and the
contents of the fridge was even further proof she was right - a
bottle of expensive wine, top shelf steaks, and other gourmet
foods that cost a bundle. These were no bikers, that was sure.
for sure. There was no danger here, she could just leave any time
she wanted to. /They won't do shit to me, unless I let them. I
can go... I don't *want* to go, though. I want to get dicked!
God, I'm wet already just thinking about it. Hurry up, Brad, get
here so we can get it on!/

When the game on TV was over, which wasn't long as it had been
near the end of the last quarter when they first tuned in, the
men shut it off, and turned on some loud rock music.

"Dance for us, bitch! Get your sexy groove on. Let us see you
move it like you know what to do with it!"

Kris complied. She had always loved dancing, and hard rock, and
when AC/DC came on, she really got into it. She even got up on
the coffee table, and danced like a stripper would. The guys were
hooting and howling, and they didn't have to fake anything about
having a good time oggling her body, and the ways she could move
it. The party was on!

There was a knock at the door.

/There's Brad, right on schedule,/ thought Kris.

Cameron was still playing his role well. "That better be your
boyfriend, bitch."

He didn't bother with the chain at the door bit this time, Kris
noticed. He just opened it up. There was Brad, doing his best to
look worried. He did a very credible acting job when he came in.

"Kris! What the fuck? Oh, God, they haven't done anything to you,
have they?"

Kris played along. "Nnnnooo... they haven't... yet..." she
stammered. She was quite proud of her performance, all the guys
were buying it without question.

"Cameron! What the hell, man! Why have you been keeping her here?
Why do you have her half naked? This is no way to do business!"

Kris kept her mouth shut, and tried not to look amused as they
played things out for her benefit, clueless that she had already
seen the script, and knew how the last act ended.

"You shorted us! We are going to get our money's worth, even if
it has to come out of her pretty little ass."

"I didn't short you!"

"Then why was the bag light, man? Very light!"

Kris tuned the rest of it out, and huddled in the corner,
covering her heaving breasts with crossed arms as if she didn't
want to be so exposed, doing her best to seem timid and
frightened. She really wanted to rip the bra off, and expose her
rock hard nipples to all four of them, and have them sucked, and
pinched, and nibbled. /Soon enough! Don't blow it, let them say
their lines, and think they suckered me. I'll be sucking cock
soon enough!/

It didn't take too long. Cameron waved the gun around, and told
Brad in no uncertain terms that either they got the missing drugs
and money, or it was time for Kris to be the payment for them.

Brad looked sorrowful as he came over to Kris and begged her,
just like he had all those years ago, to do the "bikers" so they
would forgive the debt.

"Please, Kris. I'm so sorry I got you involved in this, but I
think they'll take what they want anyways. Go along with it, and
I'll never forget you..." he looked like he was about to cry. /He
really *is* a good bullshit artist,/ thought Kris while she
listened to his spiel. /What a load of crap! Now to go ahead and
be convinced.../

"Oh, God, Brad. I should never forgive you for this! I know it
isn't your fault, but you are the reason I got involved in this
shit. I do forgive you, though. I'll do this, but only because I
think I'd get raped anyways, not because you asked. Don't ever
ask me for a favor again..." she sobbed a little, then perked her
head up, putting on a "brave face". "OK, guys, I'm yours..." she
whispered. Their delight was obvious. /She fucking fell for it! I
knew it, but who could be sure until it happened.../ thought
Brad.

The music was turned back on, and Kris was ordered to dance
again. They "made" her take off the rest of her clothes as she
danced, and felt her up and teased her while they made her get
more beers and snacks in between songs. Finally Cameron threw her
roughly on the couch, and pulled a very hard cock out of his
pants, thrusting it in her face.

"Suck on it, bitch."

It was on! She willingly took his throbbing member into her
mouth, and started giving him a blowjob to rival the one she had
given the cop the other day. /I wonder if the cop was in on this?
He had to be.../ Kris gave up all pretense of being scared, and
just went with her emotions. She wanted to get fucked, fucked
hard and rough, by these men, and she was going to be. /And just
to fuck with Brad, I'm going to swallow everyone's cum, except
for his!/ Kris thought wickedly.

Cameron didn't last long under her expert oral skills, and blew
his load within minutes. Kris let the first few shots go straight
in her mouth, then pulled him out so everyone could see him shoot
on her tongue, and then let the last dribbles of semen coat her
lips and chin. She licked it up with exaggerated motions, and
made it obvious to the transfixed onlookers that she swallowed
all of it. The taste of Cameron's cum wasn't as bad as she had
thought it might be, unlike the sour acrid spunk the motorcycle
cop had filled her mouth with, but it wasn't great. The thought
of letting someone cum in her mouth was so dirty, though, and
seeing the look on the guys faces when she licked her lips and
swallowed really got her juices flowing. Especially knowing she
was going to deny that pleasure to Brad, that fucker!

The thin guy had his cock out, and had been jacking it while he
watched her blow Cameron, so she sucked him off next. He had a
needle dick, long and thin, and it pressed right to the back of
her throat. Kris wrapped her hand around the base of it to keep
it from going too deep and bruising her throat. She gave him the
same expert treatment she had given Cameron, swirling tongue and
all. He stayed silent, and she had no other clues about when he
was going to cum, his cock just erupted into her mouth. He only
shot two pulses, but there was a lot of cum in both, and it was
thick stuff, almost gluey. He tasted different than Cameron had,
but still quite sour. She stuck out her tongue to show off the
puddle of thick spunk on it, before exaggeratedly swallowing it,
enjoying putting on a show for such an attentive audience.

She turned to Paul, and had his cock out of his pants and into
her hungry mouth in no time. Paul had a nice cock, thick and
meaty, not too long, she could fit the whole thing in without
gagging, but it stretched her lips some with its girth. She
couldn't really give him the full swirly technique, because it
was hard to get her tongue to go around it while it was in her
mouth. She settled for pulling it out occasionally, and licking
it like an ice cream cone, and swirling the head outside, before
sucking it back into her mouth. All the guys, especially Brad,
were staring at her while she did this, and it made her feel like
some porn slut in a nasty movie, being watched so intensely. She
liked feeling that way.

When it was obvious Paul was about to cum, she pulled him out and
jacked him with just the head of his fat dick sitting on her
outstretched tongue. He groaned, and proceeded to nearly drown
her with an almost constant stream of sticky white goo, blasting
to the back of her mouth and bouncing off her tonsils. She had to
close her mouth and gulp to keep from gagging or letting all of
it run back out, and while she had her lips closed, he shot
another streamer of spunk right across her whole face, from her
chin to her forehead, even getting some in her hair. "Fuck!" he
exclaimed. "That's some fucking talented tongue you got there,
bitch!" He was still playing his role, but the look on his face
was almost apologetic for being so crude.

Kris wiped up the streamer of cum from her face, and watched the
guys eyes fasten on her as she licked her fingers clean. Paul's
cum was actually not bad tasting, a little on the sweet side,
where the others had been sour. /Either it is an acquired taste
and I'm getting used to it, or the guys spunk all tastes
different, and some of it isn't so bad.../ Kris thought, as she
cleaned the rest of it up, and made sure it went down the hatch.

Cameron spoke up quickly, his voice a little husky with lust,
"Don't forget your boyfriend, bitch, we wouldn't want to have him
feel left out, would we? Besides, I like watching you suck a
dick, you could turn pro!"

Kris turned to Brad, who already had his cock out expectantly.
She didn't give him her best effort, no swirling tongue at all,
but even a mediocre blowjob is pretty good, and Brad wasn't
complaining. She did get him all in, and while she was tempted to
let her teeth go, just a little, she decided that refusing to
take his cum would be punishment enough, and worked his cock over
without scraping or biting it. She gave him extra drool, nice and
sloppy, which soaked his underwear and pants, since he had just
whipped it out through his fly. Brad really didn't care about
that right then, the sloppy factor was quite enjoyable, and the
noises it created went straight to his brain. Cameron and Paul
noticed the growing puddle, though, and chuckled a little under
their breath, sure she was doing it on purpose to get back at
Brad for being such an asshole.

Brad tried to grab the back of her head when the moment arrived,
and shoot his load in her mouth where the other guys had, but
Kris was ready for him. She coughed, and pulled back quickly,
avoiding his grasp. Brad's cock was ejected from her mouth, and
she quickly pointed it right back at him, away from her face. He
shot three or four hard pulses of cum, most of it going right
across his fancy dress shirt, making quite a mess, but one of
them was strong enough to actually reach his face. A couple drops
from the extreme end of the stream actually went right in his own
wide open groaning mouth! He gagged and spit went drooling down
his chin, adding to the mess on his shirt, as Cameron and Paul
burst out laughing. Kris barely managed to restrain her own
laughter, but couldn't help but smirk as she thought /Serves you
right, you bastard! Now you know what it's like to be the bitch./


"Damn, girl, that was fucking hilarious!" shouted Cameron. Paul
even chipped in with "Now you know what you've been asking the
girls to do for you all these years, Brad!" Mr. Anonymous stayed
silent, but he was smiling, the largest reaction she'd seen from
him so far.

Brad couldn't say shit, thinking he still had to play his role,
although he really wanted to smack the shit out of all of them.
/I'll pay back you fuckers later.../

Cameron caressed Kris's face, still chuckling, and said "Kris,
you are one sexy, spirit filled lady, and I'd sure never get you
into a tight spot like this if you were mine. I'm glad Brad here
owes us big, though, because I am really going to enjoy fucking
you. I want to stick my cock so far up your pussy, you can taste
it!"

Kris wanted it, too. She was ready for a hard dicking, her pussy
soaking wet and swollen. Getting even with Brad had been an added
charge, but being here with four guys, sucking cocks like a
common whore, and swallowing cum had really gotten her motor
turning. /There's no going back now... I'm a slut!/ she thought
as she lay back on the sofa, and spread herself wide for Cameron
and his cock. Watching Kris had been quite stimulating, and
Cameron was more than ready to go again, his dick hard as a steel
pipe.

He wasted no time with foreplay, he knew a ready to rock pussy
when he saw one, and Kris was obviously good for the game. He
climbed up over her, and thrust inside, parting her lips like a
hot knife cutting through butter. Her pussy felt fantastic!
Tight, hot, wet, clamping fiercely as though it was trying to
hold him inside forever and never let go. He was glad she had
sucked him off before, or he was sure he'd have blown his load on
that first entry, it felt so damn good. He took some of his
weight on his elbows, but mostly let it press down right on his
dick. He started spearing her hard, thrusting with all the energy
he could summon, smacking their pubic bones together almost
painfully each time he bottomed out. She met him on every thrust,
bucking her hips back at him. Their fucking bordered on violence,
her velvety softness and his spongy tumescence almost a lie given
the intensity of their actions.

"Oh, fuck me. FUCK ME!" Kris yelled, unable to restrain her
passion under Cameron's pounding.

"Yeah, bitch! Take that cock. TAKE IT! I'm going to tickle your
tonsils! Fuck, FUCK!"

He started roughly mauling her tits, while keeping up the
relentless pace of his thrusting. He pinched and scratched and
bit at them, like a hungry animal worrying a bone for the marrow
inside. Even having blown his load earlier, he couldn't keep up
the intensity of their fucking for long, and the finale was as
violent as the rest of the act had been. He couldn't make up his
mind if he should pull out and cum, or pump her pussy full, and
his indecision decided for him. He let his whole weight go, and
pressed his cock as deep into her womb as he could, their bodies
mashed together so tightly as to almost be one flesh. Kris could
feel each pulse as he shot his cum, his body shivering with each
ejaculation.

"Oh, God, YES! Take that spunk, bitch! If you're fertile, you're
a mommy now! AAAHHHHHH!"

Even though she was on the pill, the thought of this big ugly man
she barely knew making a baby in her was more than enough to push
Kris over the edge. If they could have gotten any closer, they
did, as she pulled him in and pumped her hips back at him with
every ounce of muscle she had, her pussy clenching and milking
his cock like a machine.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck a *BABY* in ME!" she squealed. She
couldn't believe she had said that!

They both collapsed, totally spent. Cameron pulled out, and let
the others get a good look at the raw, swollen hole that was
Kris's pussy, battered and leaking.

The thin guy knelt at the edge of the couch, and stuck two
fingers into Kris. He worked them around some, and pulled them
out coated with slime. He offered them to her, and she took them
into her mouth and sucked them clean. Kris noticed that Cameron's
cum tasted better when mixed with her own juices. The fingers
were dipped in again, and he had her clean them, and then did it
once more. She hoped Brad was feeling green with envy, since she
wouldn't take his cum in her mouth, yet she had taken all the
others, and here she was licking it off of fingers fresh from her
well fucked pussy. He certainly seemed to enjoy watching her do
it, and so did the others.

Needle dick seemed satisfied now, having reduced the amount of
sperm in her cunt by quite a bit, although she was still very
sloppy. He stabbed that long thin prick into her pussy, and it
went deeper than any guy had ever gotten before, the head
pressing right at the entrance of her womb when he bottomed out.
If anyone was likely to knock someone up, it was this guy, his
tool seemed to be made to squirt into the depths and shorten the
journey to the eggs to a mere walk across the street. He fucked
her with abandoned rapid thrusts, frequently slipping out
completely. He didn't care, he just kept thrusting away, rubbing
his cock against her thighs, between her lips, up over her mound,
across her clit, smearing her fluids and the remnants of
Cameron's cum over everything, and letting his dick stab back
inside whenever it happened to line back up.

This totally blew Kris's mind, she'd never had anyone do anything
like it before, and each rub through her lips, and contact with
her clit, lit fires inside her. He had just roughly bumped her
clit, setting her off on an intense orgasm, when he started to
cum himself. Again, she had no clue he was about to spunk, he
made no noise and didn't jerk or move any differently than he had
while he was pounding away, he just started shooting. This time
he shot many more times than twice, and he still shot a lot.

The first large glob hit right on her throbbing clit, warm and
sticky, and her first orgasm stretched into a second, something
that had never happened to her before. Still shooting, he managed
to shove his cock inside her cunt, and spurt the rest of his
copious load inside, riding her clamping convulsions out to a
cathartic conclusion for the both of them. /That had to be the
best fuck I've ever had!/ thought Kris, as she sank further into
the sofa, nearly exhausted. The thin man's cock slipped out of
her hole easily, followed by a thick, slimy blob of custard like
semen, with much more still inside. Her whole pubic area was a
smeary mess of juice and spunk.

Paul took a look at that, and said "I'm not fucking her sloppy
like that, man!"

"No problem," said Cameron. "Kris, flip your slutty ass over!"

Kris knew what was about to happen, and flipped over, presenting
her ass high in the air. Cameron grabbed a jar of Vaseline,
dripped his fingers into it and gathered up a big gob, and
smeared her anus with it.

"There ya go, bro! Just add some more your damn self, do I have
to serve it up on a platter for you?" Cameron chuckled. Kris
looked over at Brad, who seemed stunned. He looked on with lust,
and perhaps a little concern, too. He was obviously enjoying the
show, but it had been a little more intense than he had planned
for, and it wasn't over. /Should I stop this before she gets
hurt? No, she isn't complaining, and I can't blow it, or she'll
hate me for sure.../

Paul gooped a little more Vaseline out of the jar, and shoved his
coated finger right into Kris's tight pucker, making sure it was
well lubed. He smeared a little more on his raging hard on, the
sight of Cameron pounding Kris's pussy like a mad man had really
turned him on, and the performance by needle dick had added fuel
to the fire. He was so excited he had even given thought to
sticking his dick right in the sloppy mess of her steamy, semen
filled front door, but he was glad to be going for the back
entrance. He liked a good ass fuck, and really didn't want to
have his cock coated with other men's cum.

He had to work a little to force the head of his fat dick past
her sphincter muscles, but once he had that done, the rest of him
slid in slick as can be. He took things slow, knowing that good
anal takes patience, letting the woman adjust and loosen up
making it so much better. He could just tear that ass up, but he
liked it when the girl got off, too, and she won't if you just
rip into it. He sunk it all the way in, and let it sit for a
minute, before he slowly began to slide it back out. He didn't
pull all the way out, not wanting to lose ground already gained
and have to force the head back in past the tight muscles. A nice
easy rhythm, stroking slowly but surely deep inside and then
almost all the way back out again, like the wheel pistons on a
train when it starts to leave the station and hasn't yet built up
any speed.

Kris liked a good ass fucking, too, and could tell Paul knew what
he was doing. She could feel her wet pussy dripping, each deep
thrust of that fat cock in her back door pushing against the
walls and squeezing out the thick cum inside along with her own
flowing juices. It felt great! She wasn't sure why, but a hard
dick in her ass always pressed on a place in her pussy that just
didn't quite get stimulated from a straight forward poking, and
it did things to her nerves that turned her knees to jelly. She
started fingering her sloppy box, tickling Paul's cock through
the thin wall in between, and getting that special spot some
extra attention. Paul responded by speeding up, and grabbing her
hips so he could really thrust deep.

Paul lasted a lot longer than Cameron or the thin guy had, but
then he had started slow and worked his way to intensity without
rushing things. The end was no less inevitable for all the
difference in pace, the sensations rose to the point of
satiation, and Paul plunged his prick to the hilt one last time,
just as Kris's knees gave out. They both squealed as they fell,
pressed flat against the couch, pinned together in a shuddering
mass, Paul's prick pinched tightly in Kris's puckered anus as he
pumped out his second load of seed while she shuddered and came
as well. They both lay for a moment, unable or unwilling to move,
until Paul finally eased off, and his cock sprang free with a
pop.

Now Brad had a choice. If he wanted to fuck Kris, he could do her
in either hole, but both her pussy and her ass were now sloppy
with semen. He was trembling with excitement. The whole scene, in
spite of being a bullshit setup, had been so erotic, way better
than the first time with the real bikers. /God, I couldn't have
asked for things to go any better! Sloppy seconds is a small
price to pay.../

Kris rolled over, groaning, her holes both looking well used,
obviously leaking.

"Your turn, stud."

Brad didn't even hear the sarcasm in her voice, he was so
oblivious, well into his fantasy of the flawless setup and the
perfect slutty performance by Kris. He mounted her without
finesse, choosing the front entrance, and pussy farts bubbled
sperm out around his cock as he slid it easily into her well
stretched hole. Kris lay there like a dead fish, completely spent
and feeling nothing, while Brad went to town, rapidly thrusting
into her with total abandon, sure he was doing a great job of it.
He came quickly, the small amount he shot lost in the slimy mess
the previous cocks had already made.

Everyone was silent and awkward after that. Clothes got sorted
out and put back on. The players tried to complete the rest of
the scene, even though Kris obviously didn't care any more.

"Guess we can call that paid in full, Brad."

"OK. I think we'll go now."

Kris did notice that Cameron slipped a piece of paper in her
purse when Brad wasn't looking. She hoped it was his phone
number. They could have a laugh when she told him she'd known the
whole scene was bullshit, and fucked them anyways. Then they
could fuck again. If it was his number, she was definitely going
to call. She was back to her old ways, needing excitement now.
/Hell, even Cameron, Paul, and Mr. Anonymous won't be enough! I'm
going to have to do something.../

She drove Brad back to the Blue Duck Motel, letting him out in
front, and when he started to make a lame attempt at a fake
apology, she just floored the Subaru and drove off towards home.

*************

/Damn, what a weekend!/ Brad thought. /I wonder what Kris will
think when she finds out I'm now an insurance salesman.../

If he only knew! Kris couldn't have cared less, she was busy
plotting a new secret life. She knew now that she had been far
too boring, far too untrue to her nature. Her life as a plain
housewife was over. She loved her husband, and all the nice
things he could give her, so she would try to be careful, but she
needed to take risks, to do exciting things, to be a slut - and
to get fucked like one.

/Maybe I'll be a stripper for private parties? An exclusive
outcall escort? Pick up strange men at the airport? A drug
smuggling wench? I'll think of something.../


        DV

http://deltavenus.bestdamnpornblogs.com/
