Keeping Quiet

Four years ago after lots of pillow talk my wife and I had settled on a mutually enjoyed fantasy. Basically we have nearly always whispered to each other when having sex and for many years this had been mainly her being seduced by a stranger or if we were in the mood to push it further; forced into sex. On some occasions it would be a woman who might also seduce both of us but mostly it was Mary and another man.

As I said about four years ago it became the same repeated theme which was basically Mary with a black man. Where the interracial idea came from I can't remember but it was obviously something that really, really turned her on and I guess me as well. Anyway this became so intertwined in our lovemaking that we were even sharing a vocal fantasy about her being force raped by a black gang member when we conceived our daughter.

Anyway a few months after the baby we started to have sex again and the normal themes soon returned only Mary seemed even more turned on by them, not having had sex with me for about six months she was really hot. It was quite soon after we had resumed our whispered sessions that she began to hint that it might be fun for her to try it for real - one time.

At first I thought it was just part of the whole elaborate fantasy but after she'd brought it up on a number of occasions I finally asked her if she was being serious? After a brief pause she admitted that the whole black sex fantasy was now so strongly implanted in her mind she really needed to make it happen.

If I'm honest we'd talked about her going with a black guy for so many years now it had become ingrained in our psyche so it was therefore very hard for me to say no. Eventually a month after our daughter's first birthday I tentatively agreed that Mary could go through with it but expressed reservations.

Mary however was very specific and reassuring; she let me know she had considered how to approach this for a long time now and she would do the `recruiting' online as she wanted to ensure she met the right man who would be sympathetic to her needs. She would vet him very carefully and make sure that she took every precaution and would follow strict rules, the most important to her being the use of condoms (even though she was on the pill) because, as she put it, her inner body had only ever been touched by me and that was how it would stay. 

The one stipulation that I didn't like was my not being around which was rather disconcerting but as she pointed out, in our fantasies (or at least the interracial ones we had shared for the past several years) it always involved her on her own. We agreed that to make it safer she would meet the lucky guy at our house on an evening when our daughter was with my parents. She had covered every safety detail including sending me a pre-arranged text to confirm things were ok once the guy had arrived so I wouldn't worry. I would then stay away until an agreed time.

Mary went ahead and organised the event far more quickly than I'd expected, in fact just a few days later she suggested I confirmed with my parents that they could look after our daughter that coming Friday as she had someone lined up. I expressed my surprise that she'd been able to check the guy out that quickly but she smiled and said she'd had plenty of time to get to know the guy very well online and everything was cool. 

Needless to say the prospect of their grandchild staying over was so attractive that my parents agreed to the Friday eagerly. Mary didn't want to talk about the up-coming tryst when we were in bed that week but we continued to whisper our normal scenarios all the while in the knowledge that in a few days time a stranger was coming over to make it real. 

Friday was difficult for me; I had serious reservations about us crossing this line, I had no idea who the guy was or even what he looked like, but when I expressed these concerns Mary got surprisingly angry and stated that this was just typical of me. She then suggested that I was the one who had first voiced the scenario and had been getting off on the idea for years yet now that it was about to happen, mainly due to my encouragement, I was suddenly wimping out!.

I wasn't sure that this was an entirely accurate view of events but I realised I had been complicit in the whole thing so I turned the argument around and said I was just giving her a way out if she didn't want to go through with it. She then calmed a little and said that I'd persuaded her that this was what she truly wanted some time ago so there was no turning back now.

After I returned home from work and ate an early dinner that evening she packed me off with our daughter with a warning that I was not to return even a minute before 1am. It was really strange waiting down the road for her text but when it came all it said was, `everything is cool'. So after taking a few deep breaths and deciding I would let it happen (it was a bit late now to say no) I drove away.

I was distracted at my parents who though me a little `run down' and said that a short break from our baby would do us both good. I eventually left around ten, I wanted to stay longer but they insisted I went back to `that lovely wife of yours' and was forced to drive around for hours stopping for a coffee at several service stations.

It was still only twelve when I got back home but finding a strange car on our drive and the front door bolted I reluctantly set off again travelling around with the stereo turned up high trying to drown the awful thoughts that were swimming in my head. I finally returned a little before 1am when thankfully the car was gone and I found the door unlocked.

I came into the house and went straight to our bedroom where my wife was under the sheets in the dark. It was strange but I didn't know what to say so I nervously got undressed and slipped under the covers next to her. Mary was awake and no sooner was I in bed than she turned over and placed her hand on my erection.

"How was... " I began but she put her finger to my lips and shushed me to silence. She then gave me a few quick pumps to make sure I was good and hard before climbing on top and sliding down onto my cock. She was loose and incredibly sloppy and I immediately realised that despite her declared rule, she'd gone without a rubber. She began to work her muscles which started to grip my cock as she rode me slowly. `Mary, he didn't wear anything!' I said `What about what you said about keeping yourself free...'

`I changed my mind.' She stated. `Now just keep quiet and enjoy this.'

She worked on me for several minutes then she began to speed up and I realised that despite my own excitement she was actually going to cum first. She did so with a groan and flopped onto me unable to continue. I was left humping up at her as she lay static over me. Mary kissed me then slid to one side and suggested I get on top as she was too shattered to do anything but lie beneath me. So I mounted her and started to make love to her as she gently rubbed my back. As I sped up she began to move with me and as I reached my climax she urged me to cum in her. We lay entwined before falling asleep.

The next morning Mary woke me by giving me oral sex before mounting me again, it was only when she sat up that I noticed the marks: She had several bites on her neck and breasts but one was particularly prominent and would be clearly visible with most of her clothes. I pointed this out but she simply said no one would guess it wasn't done by me and that only we'd know that it was her `badge of honour at joining the interracial club'. I asked her again about the night before but she shook her head and shushed me: `No questions.' It was a statement.

We were back to whispered fantasies the following week but it was after the next weekend, spent with friends, that as she rode me she asked if it would be ok for her to go out that Friday. I knew immediately what she meant but I was too embarrassed to ask openly so didn't reply. She asked me again with a please and I said `uh-huh'. The deal was struck.

That Friday we had no baby sitter, except me so she said she would be going out and back by 2am. I was really unhappy at the prospect of her alone in town, partly because she was leaving herself vulnerable and secondly she was liable to be seen by people we knew. The prospect of her being picked up in front of a neighbour or friend was very disconcerting but when I mentioned this she dismissed it with a wave and said `just leave it to me, it's all arranged so don't worry'. 

She had dressed smartly and was not overly sexy in her medium length grey dress so at least she was reasonably discrete but I was still really worried and offered to drop her off but she refused and got a taxi. I spent another night fretting this time with genuine concern for her safety and also wondered what she'd meant by it's all arranged, however a taxi pulled up only a little after 1am and out she came. 

Once she entered the house I could see she was a bit of a mess; her hair was untidy and her legs which had sported dark tights were now bare. She smiled at me as I let her in then she kissed me hard before taking my arm and leading me to the bedroom.

She stripped me and gave me a short blow-job before standing and taking off her own clothes. She had another prominent bite on her neck and her pubic hair was once again matted with her and her lover's juices. I was directed to lie on the bed before she lowered herself onto me. Mary was incredibly sloppy and really loose; my cock was slipping around inside her with little friction but once again she began to use her muscles to good effect and kept squeezing my cock as she rose and fell on me.

I held her waist as she rode me her eyes locked on mine for several minutes before she gave a little moan and closed them as she speeded up to another fast climax. I had been so upset by the evening that it took me quite a while before I ejaculated but this time Mary continued to ride me until I came. 

`I...  was worried...' I said. But her response was to keep kissing me to and told me to stop talking. I gave up. 

In the morning I was treated to more sex this time she pulled me onto her and I pumped away for a while until I came. She was very loose and because she didn't use her muscles it felt quite strange I was also aware that although she was very happy to hold, kiss and hug me this time she was never close to a climax.

Once again we had some busy weekends coming up so Mary didn't ask me again for my blessing to `go out' for quite a while. In fact it was nearly three weeks later when she text me at work on a Wednesday evening and said `going to go out tonight, please be home early so I can prepare'. I knew exactly what going out meant.

I was home by 5.30 and she disappeared upstairs immediately. After spending time with my daughter I gave her a bath and tucked her up before going to look for Mary only to find she wouldn't let me into our en-suite. I did some chores, settled down to a hastily thrown together meal then made myself a `proper' coffee and nervously retired to the lounge waiting for her to appear.

The taxi arrived at 8.30 and I went up to our bedroom to find Mary and got a bit of a shock. Mary had on a white halter-neck top which criss-crossed over her breasts, cupping each individually and was so tight her nipple were really prominent. Her flat midriff was bare. Below she wore a mid-length white skirt that although not short, had dozens of tight pleats which, when she swayed her hips, swung up and away to show white knickers that were very high cut. Her legs were bare but her feet had heels that were so high I could hardly believe she could wear them I also had no idea where she'd got them.

"Christ Mary! What the hell do you look like?" I said but she shook her head then gave me a short kiss with her glossy lips and placed a finger on my lips `the rules are not to speak about this." 

"Don't wait up this time" was all she said as she walked (cautiously) out of our bedroom and down to the waiting taxi, thankfully grabbing a longish coat before she slammed the door behind her. I ignored her advice and waited and waited. I woke at a quarter to two and crawled off to bed where I lay awake for a while then drifted off into an uneasy sleep.

She woke me well after four as she got undressed and crawled into bed. I knew better than to ask her about the evening this time however just as before she went immediately down on me and proceeded to blow me. Once I was standing tall she murmured for me to climb on and I did so. God she was loose. My cock slipped out several times as I tried to find a rhythm so was forced to shorten my strokes to ensure it stayed inside her. She kissed me and massaged my rear as I continued to work on her until she eventually wrapped her legs around my back and we rocked together until I finally came. She moved with me for a few moments longer then opened her legs and went very still, clearly exhausted and once again she'd been nowhere near to an orgasm.

I had work the following morning so got up smartly and after a shower and breakfast I brought her a coffee before setting out for the office. I was slightly fearful in case she'd suffered a further mauling and was carrying more bruises but it didn't look like it so I went to work slightly relieved.

It was probably another three weeks before the next liaison and once again she informed me I was to leave the house for the evening. This time she didn't bother with any safety text but what depressed me the most was that all she had on was the short sexy nightie she'd worn for our honeymoon. It was strange but for some reason I thought this even more of a betrayal than the fact that some black guy was about to have sex with her in our bed.

I returned at 1am to find Mary asleep on the covers the duvet in a pile on the floor. The room reeked of sweat and sex and one look at her pussy showed me she'd been very active. She woke fleetingly and suggested if I `wanted some' I'd better get on with it but actually I didn't so simply got into bed covering us both up. Mary was still slightly damp with perspiration and so was the bed.

I suppose this happened on and off every other week or so in similar fashion for the next several months; usually she went out but on two occasions I was dispatched to my parents while she waited for someone to visit. Every time we'd make love after these encounters only she was always very loose and despite my best efforts she never climaxed. In nearly every case she had gone bareback with her lover and at no time would she discuss what had happened at all.

It was almost exactly six months after that first time when Mary phoned me during the day and said she was going to be out on that Friday only this time she wouldn't be back until sometime Saturday. I started to ask why but she said `remember no questions' and that was that.

This time I decided to tell her she was not to do this, but she had anticipated my reaction so when I arrived just after six I found a note in the kitchen directing me to our bedroom. I was immediately worried that she was going to go out that evening as well but once I got up the stairs I found our daughter already tucked up in her cot and my wife dressed for me in our room.

She was upon me as soon as I was in the door, dressed in the clothes she'd worn before; white halter top, pleated skirt and her very high heels. We spent the next two hours having sex; her doing everything to give me as much pleasure as she could. After my first climax she blew me until I was erect again then rode me for simply ages.

We then ate cold meats and drank cold beer talking about everyday things before returning to bed where with her urging I resumed our whispered fantasies. It was so strange because despite her having spent many adulterous nights out, she still want me to explore the same themes as before only this time she steered the direction of the story towards the more extreme and dominant. She was now always very loose and despite her working hard with her muscles she clearly found it very difficult to get off with me, the stories were therefore designed to help although I didn't much like the direction she was taking them.

So that Friday night came and I waited downstairs much as before for her to get ready before the taxi arrived. This time I was at least half prepared for her when Mary finally appeared. She had a new dress on this time; black, tight and shortish with fishnet tights but no pants on beneath (she gave me a twirl so I could see). Her heels were black with a silver tip but at least a little shorter than the white ones. She gave me a big kiss with her bright red lips then she was off.

There was no point staying up so I went to bed after watching a late evening film then lay awake until the early hours before finally drifting off only to be woken by my daughter a few hours later. In the end I slept-in the following morning before getting Sophie and myself washed, fed and ready for the day.

The clock ticked past midday then one and then two. Sophie should have been tucked up in bed for her afternoon nap by then but I had expected her mummy to return so kept her up. It was half past when I received a text from Mary saying she'd been delayed and would be home by four.

I was so confused that I nearly cried. In the end she appeared at twenty past sailing in with a quick hi and went straight up to our bedroom. A few moments later she called down for me to come to see her.

She was standing in our bedroom wrapped in her dressing gown and once I was in the room she shut the door then told me to sit on the bed. I did so and waited. Mary stood in front of me and opened the top of her gown exposing her breasts to me. I gasped.

Through each nipple there was a little silver rod. She smiled at me then said `they are a little sore so you'll have to keep off them for a day or two. Then she exposed her belly which had a similar one through it. We had actually talked about her having it pierced so it wasn't too shocking and I smiled. Then she opened the gown completely and parted her legs.

Her sex was now smooth with a small rod through her clit but that was not all. Her lips had two pairs of studs in them and she flicked them with her finger and giggled: `My pussy teeth to bite your cock off with!'

I gasped and said hoarsely. "Christ didn't it hurt?" But she shook her head then came forward and kissed me. "No sex for a while, I'm afraid." Then she went on her knees and blew me until I came, which was pretty quickly, swallowing it all without a blink. Then she pulled the gown about her tied it up and went off to see our daughter who was sleeping still.

That night Mary gave me another great blow job before we settled down to sleep but 
I was too curious and asked. `When did you decide to have it done?' I thought she wasn't going to bother to reply but eventually she said. `It wasn't my idea but I couldn't say no.'

`What do you mean?'

`We agreed no questions.'

`But you said it wasn't your idea, so whose was it?'

`David. You don't want to know and I'm not going to tell you. No more questions. That's final!'

So that was it for the next few days. I was desperate to find out the hows and whys of her new piercings but the only other time I brought it up she silenced me with a `please don't ask me again' in a rather angry tone and that was that.

Thursday she text me to ask for me to be home promptly and my heart sank. It could mean only one thing: I was going to be left to sort out the baby as Mary went to get herself ready then another night alone while my wife went out and picked up another man to have sex with.

It was probably even more depressing than before since we hadn't had sex as a couple for over a week, because she had claimed to be too sore, and now here she was going out again. I tried to remain calm but decided that I was going to have it out with her: I had to know what she was doing and what this meant for our marriage.

Unfortunately I was still in the throws of putting our daughter down when she rushed past shouting that she was out early and would see me sometime later. I was left angry and confused since it was not even 6.30.

It was 1.45 when she returned and slipped into our room. I sat up in bed as she removed her ridiculous white shoes and halter top then dropping her skirt to the floor she crawled into bed. It took me a few seconds to register that if she'd gone out with knickers on she certainly didn't return with any. I had to tackle her.

`Mary!' I said. `We really have to talk.'

`No we don't.' She said bluntly.

`Mary' I continued. `I'm worried.'

`Don't be.' She said and promptly let go of my cock then she turned her back on me switching out the light.

`But I am. I mean look at you... `

`I'm not talking about this again; now or ever. If you don't want me to share your bed with you I will move next door otherwise please go to sleep.' I fell silent and that was that. She got up for the baby twice that night and I left for work while she was still sleeping.

The following night she was perfectly normally; we entertained friends and had a really nice evening only one thing spoiled it and that was the lack of sex again. We went to bed late and Mary made it clear sex was off the agenda. The following evening she was very blunt and said she was still upset at my questioning of her which seemed to indicate a lack of trust. I found it hard to respond to that.

Monday night I tried to initiate it but she said actually slapped me and said she didn't feel like it. Tuesday she surprised me by refusing to let me have sex but giving me a blow job instead. I was really worried as she announced she was going out again the following night.

That evening she was dressed in her grey dress, fishnets and black heels and looked quite respectable but she ruined my equilibrium by giving me a flash just as she left. The stockings were hold-ups and her now bare sex was completely exposed with her clit now sporting a gold ring that was very visible as were the studs in her protruding lips.

As the taxi drove away I wondered how many of our neighbours were aware of her nocturnal antics and worse how many of our friends had seen her out and about? I must admit I felt so helpless I did cry that night.

When Mary returned home, actually surprisingly early for her, she stood in front of me and lifted the hem of her dress and showed me her bare sex again (looking loose and swollen) then climbed under the duvet and blew me for a couple of minutes before throwing the covers back and mounting me. It was strange to have my wife still fully clothed on top of me at this time of night also she was absolutely gaping so my cock kept slipping out again and again but eventually she was able to ride me until I climaxed. 

Despite a few `that's it' and `that's nice' she had quite clearly got very little from the event but she gave me a deep kiss then went to the bathroom to clean up. I was left with a huge wet patch under me from the mess that had poured out of her plus a cock, coated with the secretions. It was obvious to me that she must have been with multiple partners that night but I dare not face that demon. Humiliatingly I was forced to get up and clean the mess from myself and wipe the bed with a towel, Mary chuckled at this. 

The following night my wife initiated sex early in the evening and we spent quite a long evening in bed, it was clear that she didn't enjoyed the occasion sexually that much (see didn't climax once) although she got me off several times and I fell asleep a little relieved that at least she still wanted to have fun with me.

Unfortunately that was a short lived oasis and the following Saturday was really distressing: Mary insisted we go shopping but rather than going to the local town we took the train into London. She had a list of shops she wanted to visit and almost from the first it was clear the trip was for her to buy more outrageous clothing than she currently owned.

The shops ranged from those selling a broad range of chic underwear to those that were really sleazy. She spent an absolute fortune but the worst was the visit to a couple of sex-shops near the end. Not only did we get a lot of attention she shooed me out of each of them then emerged a while later clutching bags of stuff that I knew had cost an absurd amount of money. She also said I wasn't to look in them.

She was really excited when we got home but my parents were baby-sitting so the bags remained in the car boot until they left. That night Mary wore a white basque with lacy stockings around the house and we had sex twice before we even got to bed.

The following evening I was eager to see what she had bought without me but I didn't find out as Mary wore a fishnet playsuit; this was something she'd forced me to buy (embarrassingly) in a punky-style shop while she stood outside. She teased me by sitting down to dinner and then watching TV dressed like that but not letting me touch her.

Even when we went to bed she brushed her teeth and climbed into bed saying goodnight. I was ready to explode but she slapped my hand when I made a grab for her and had to lie frustrated for several minutes before she turned over giggling and climbed onto me. The sex was great although as expected she still didn't cum.

It was the following Friday when I saw the first of her secret buys. She had announced that morning she was going out later and we followed the usual procedure in the evening until the taxi came. Mary emerged dressed in the shortest black dress it was possible to call a dress: the hem was virtually in line with her pussy. It was tight and hugged her curves down to her rear where her shiny black knickers could be seen worn over black tights.

It had a round neck and was sleeveless, which accentuated her breasts (and nipple which also clearly now had rings in them) - obviously held up by some hidden means so the overall effect was very sexy and a little startling. Mary was beaming; clearly delighted by the new clubbing clothes and after a swift kiss she trotted out without a backwards glance. She got home after 3am only this time she didn't wake me at all and I was only barely aware she'd come home.

She was very strange that day and I didn't know why until the evening when she insisted we sit down and watch a DVD. It turned out that one of her other buys (the bill had been a staggering 650 in one of the shops and nearly 400 in the other) was a movie, not any movie but an interracial movie.

Basically it was a woman in her early 30's going through all the bases with a big black guy. It lasted about 45 minutes and ended up with the woman covered in the mans cum. Mary was really turned on by it and after we'd played with each other for a little while she shed her clothes and I saw what had happened to her the previous evening.

Someone had written `cum dump' above her sex in thick black felt tip. 'Christ!' was my response to which she replied; `Permanent marker'. She was then all over me and we had another great evening of sex. The DVD ran three times. While Mary was obviously enjoying the evening she only climaxed once, which was at least better than nothing. 

I asked her how she had ended up being marked like that - it seemed to me that if she'd wanted to put a stop to it, it would not have been written so boldly: every letter had been draw carefully as a block capital and then filled in - she shook her head and just said `it happened'. 

Sunday night was a repeat of Saturday with us watching the DVD and playing with each other. This time Mary was really great and I was left quite exhausted but with just a hint of disappointment that at no point had she been close to a climax of her own.

I witnessed another purchase that Wednesday when she went out again. This time she wore a red plastic stretchy dress with matching red knickers and shoes. The hem was just below her crotch but as soon as she walked it rode up exposing her `camel-toe'. Her white thighs somehow looked even more indecent than if she'd worn tights.

I was thankful that she drove herself that night and just hoped she wasn't going out in public although that of course meant she'd be seeing someone she already knew for sex. It's strange but I wasn't sure what was worse her having stranger sex and the dangers that would expose her to (along with the possibility that friends might see her) or sex with someone on a regular basis and the danger of her forming a deeper relationship with them.

She was home in the early hours and once again she blew me before climbing onto my manhood. She was naked so I could see the maker pen still visible on her body (she liked the light on when we made love) thankfully with no additions. Sex was sloppy and she didn't get close to cuming but she made sure I did before we finished.

A new DVD was introduced a week later. It was different from the other one only in that it involved a younger girl with two guys so we witnessed double penetration in almost all its different versions.

We visited friends the following week and then there was a holiday weekend and we took our daughter to the seaside for a couple of nights. It was therefore nearly three weeks before Mary went out again.

I was surprised when she left; she wore a normal knee-length summer dress and low heels. She returned very late (or should I say early) at around 4am and she was asleep within minutes; I was too tired to do more than cuddle her.

I left her sleeping and attended to out daughter then brought her a coffee before work. She looked at me and smiled in a rather strange way then said I should have a quick look.

She whipped back the duvet and lifted her nightie to expose herself to me and I saw another message written this time in larger writing stretching from her belly button to her clit:

Mary Hill
Loves Hot
Black
Sperm 

The letters were outlined in thick black and then filled with red they were carefully applied and were also very highly visible.

`See you tonight' she said pulling it down as I reeled out of the door.

That night she had dressed very sexily for me as she wore the basque and stockings so after a light supper we settled down to a third DVD. This time however it was a `real' amateur performing with a black guy after which she opened her legs to show the camera that she was full of sperm. Mary was on fire watching this as a consequence she climaxed really hard which was great but made me think it was the DVD rather than me that did the trick. 

The DVD was run again and again for over a week only to be replaced by another of similar vain. I tried not to think about the level of excitement it seemed to push Mary to since I could hardly compete with the huge black men involved.

Mary went out once more after what had been probably three weeks, returning late and giving me a quick blow job before sleep. The following night she went out then came home dressed in her red plastic dress and heels (the pants in her handbag) and sat on the edge of the bed.

`Do you love me?' She asked.

`Yes of course.'

`I still love you.' She smiled. "I'm going to write up some rules tomorrow when I'm sober but we can seal the deal tonight." With that she climbed into bed and grabbed my cock playing with it until I was erect then she mounted me. Her sex was even more open than I remembered and my erection was simply lost in a sea of cum but she worked on me until I climaxed.

I had work the following day but upon my return Mary slipped away only to return dressed in a mesh top, tiny skirt and heels. Our child was toddling around oblivious to the fact that her mummy was without any underwear. After putting her down we sat for dinner then Mary got me to clear things away as she printed off the `rules'

"OK, I'll read them out" She said in an easy voice. "Then we can go over them one by one and you say agree and I'll tick it off then we will sign our names against it." I looked at her confused.

"I just think we need to have a few rules!" She explained.

Rule 1:	Richard will never again ask Mary any questions about her sexual activities.

Rule 2	Only Mary will decide if there is to be sex between her and her husband. Richard must never try to initiate sex. Mary agrees to give Richard a blowjob regularly. Richard agrees to try everything Mary wants.

Rule 3	Richard will help Mary to enlarge her wardrobe of sexy clothing, jewellery and equipment. He will never refuse no matter what Mary wants to buy or how much it costs.

Rule 4	We will subscribe to sex websites of Mary's choosing and pay for annual memberships no matter what the cost.

She looked up and I was silent in part because of the last statement. "I'll go through them again one by one if you like." she suggested.

"No I understood what you said." I replied.

"Well let's sign it then." She stated.

"Sign?"

"So we show that we agree with it."

I wasn't sure I did but strangely I felt powerless to stop my wife doing exactly what she wanted and was honest enough to accept that if she wanted to do all of it without my support there was absolutely nothing I could do to stop her. With a shaking hand I put my mark on the paper. The following day after work I came home to find a copy of our agreement framed and on the side in our bedroom.

It was Friday and Mary had already told me she was going out that night only later that evening I heard her return around midnight but she didn't appear. Eventually I got worried so went outside and stood in the darkness witnessing a car rocking as my wife gave out moans that I only hoped could not be heard by anyone else.

"Oh God, Fuck me harder, that's it, really get it deep. Oh I love your cock don't stop fucking me..." my wife actually screamed when she came only they hadn't finished and she continued to wail until she clearly had another noisy orgasm. Finally she emerged and sat kissing the man as I retreated back inside wishing I'd never heard them.

She began subscribing to websites that week and I had to sit with her from then on as we went through pages and pages of interracial sex. We spent the following evenings together looking at hundreds and hundreds of pictures of white women and black men as well as reading stories. Mary enjoyed me reading them out as we played with each other and also loved it when we looked at `amateur material' of white wives having sex with hung studs. This was always the prelude to good sex with her more eager than previously but there was still this unrelenting deluge of interracial sex dominating our lives.

During the next weekend we sat for a whole morning working through a number of sites she'd found offering clothes and other items she wanted to buy and I ended up shelling out several hundred pounds: She was attracted to the clothes with graphic motifs and ended up buying several sets of knickers which had `black only' & `black cock slut' amongst others. She bought a T-shirt with `I love black cock' and a pair of stockings with the word slut written all over them. She also ordered jewellery, a matching pair of ankle and wrist bracelets with `I love black cock' pendants. She added a very large black vibrator to the list which when it arrived I would have sworn would never have fitted inside her but of course it did. 

Mary started to dress in these new motif-covered clothes; at first just around the house but soon they were often worn under her coats or more `normal' clothing. We visited friends for a meal one weekend with her in a nice short dress only she had on her `slut for black cock' knickers and the `I love black cock' ankle bracelet. I was quite concerned she would be spotted but she got away with it. After this she insisted doing it always and I had several heart-stopping moments when I thought she'd been noticed but she seemed to get away with it thankfully.

She was still going out every couple of weeks and occasionally she wore some of this clothing which was an obvious inducement to whomever she was showing them to. Finally she decided to have a ring in her labia, well several and a larger one in her clit which, when she had it put in she flicked with her finger and stated that it would be very erotic to walk about with it in all day. I suppose I enjoyed a great deal of hot sex over the next few months as Mary enjoyed the thrill of her new jewellery although it meant she was now going out every single week dressed scantily and returning in her used state.

Several months later after a three week gap; when we were on holiday with the children; she went out again in one of her tiny dresses only to return after four am in a worse state than I'd ever seen before: She had lost her knickers, her sex was simply gaping as she had clearly only just been fucked because cum was dropping from her as she climbed into bed. Her hair had flecks of sperm in it and her breath smelled of it too. She gripped me with a wet hand and worked my cock trying to kiss me but I turned my mouth away. She stopped and actually wiped the sperm from between her legs with her hand then coated my cock with it before continuing. She did this several times then she started to rub her sex against my leg as she worked me hard. At that moment she seemed more like an animal than the pretty wife I loved. Eventually I started to get close and she kissed my neck and whispered for me to cum and eventually I did. "That's it." She said and continued for a while until I began to wilt.

Thankfully that night was a turning point in our lives. She woke shocked at whatever she'd done (clear sex with a number of people but I don't know) and from that night on she simply stopped doing it anymore! I was genuinely surprised how she could simply bring it to a sudden end but she did. To `help' our sex life she insisted on keeping her large clitoral ring in which kept her feeling quite amorous and when we made love it helped to give her surprisingly quick orgasms and since she stopped her evenings out entirely it was just for me alone.

Our life settled down after that; she even ended the online surfing and most of her erotic clothes vanished (the ones with the crude motif) and surprisingly, for me at least, our sex life was even better than before plus there was no mention of black men or indeed anything erotic at all. She kept some of the sexy dresses, body stockings and her basque; which she wore for me occasionally but privately in our home.

There was only one other interracial incident after that time. It came three months later when we were at a wedding of a close friend. A black man came up to us and started chatting mainly to Mary. It was clear that she was a little embarrassed about it but continued to talk to him and eventually when he asked if he could dance with her she nodded and gave me a look that was a cross between an apology and a warning not to ask or get involved.

They danced for quite a while then returned Mary looking a little more flushed than she might have and he stood rather cockily chatting to her ignoring me totally. Eventually he spoke to her quietly and she looked at him then he replied glancing at me a few times before shaking her head. He added something and she seemed to think about sit for a short while then mouthed `sorry' to me.

With that she motioned to him and to my horror they made there way through the gathering and left the main room. I was at a loss but decided to follow and was just in time to see them entering a lift. I felt like a detective as I watched the indication until it stopped on the fifth floor, our floor, I then took the other lift and followed. I knew she had been with a very large number of men previously so I guessed that now we were about to suffer the consequences. I don't know what I was thinking when I opened our room door. I could immediately see Mary on her knees with the man's cock between her lips sucking it right down her throat. He was holding he head as he moved his hips and one look into his cruel eyes made me realise I didn't want to stay.

I left them to it and shakily I went back to the wedding disco where I stayed until the bitter end explaining that Mary was in bed, which was of course true; only not alone. I returned to my room hoping the man had gone but as I walked in I found Mary riding the man and without even a pause she turned to me and asked me to leave because they wouldn't be finished for a while yet. The guy added a helpful `yea fuck off!' So I did, after grabbing my car keys. Thankfully the car park was empty and I actually fell asleep in the passenger seat until the early hours when the sun was beginning to rise. I went back in to the amazement of the porter but made my was back to the room where I found Mary asleep with the huge black guy still holding her.

I didn't care anymore so I decided to stay in the room and relieve my bladder before taking a shower. I obviously woke him up but instead of leaving he decided to make Mary have sex yet again so he pushed her on her back then as I watched my wife for the very first time I saw the man shove his big fat black manhood into her. I stood in the bathroom watching through the crack in the door as my wife's feet curled up and her legs wrapped themselves tightly about the man groaning as she clearly enjoyed his size. So much for her suffering. 

I continued to watch as the man began to pound my wife who was now kissing him and urging him quietly to greater heights. Her language was crude and rather hurtful as she encouraged him to use her and while I couldn't hear it all she did clear ask him to `make her cum like the married slut she was'! These were her words exactly, not caring if I was listening.

I had started the shower but still watched them caught in the hedonism of what they were doing; thankfully only a few minutes later he grunted and fell to the side which was my cue to slip under the warm water and try to hide my own erection. I kept it brief and was only just out when the man pushed past me and went to the toilet.

I glanced at his cock and tried not to show my surprise at the fact that while not even erect it was still both longer and fatter than mine. I moved to the bedroom where Mary looked at me and gave a shrug then waited until the man came out and dived into the bathroom where a few minutes later the shower started again. The man dressed then banged on the door and shouted `thanks for the fuck Mary. You were as good as always.' He left laughing.

Five minutes later she came out to find me in bed, I was still shattered (and probably still a little drunk as it was actually only just after six) so she joined me. Mary was her usual tight-lipped self about it so after a single `Sorry about that' she told me to forget it then pumped my cock, like she used to, until I came! To this day I have no idea what was said between them to prompt her actions, blackmail or just the opportunity for a last hurrah.

Since then Mary have enjoyed a happy interracial free two years although even now I worry about what might happen if another Jason appears in our life. 
