I closed my eyes and waited, but the stinging never came. The weight of the man was suddenly gone. I heard the guy scream just before I heard a loud bang. It sounded like a wrecking ball swinging into the side of a building.

Slowly, I opened my eyes only to find Eric kneeling over me. My left eye still stung like a bitch and my vision was blurred. I just knew that there'd be a big black and blue bruise there tomorrow. There went my cover-up makeup. My right eye on the other hand was in perfect condition. Out of my right eye I saw Eric hold out his hand to me. Hesitantly, I took his hand and he pulled me up.

Not letting go of my hand he led me to my car. He grabbed my keys and purse off of the roof and handed me my purse, but kept my keys. He unlocked the car and after putting me in the passengers seat he disappeared for a few seconds.

I heard the trunk open and close not long after that. I figured that he'd put the man in there. But, why my car? Why my trunk? He surely wasn't going to take me home and give that man a chance to know where I live was he?

Some of my questions were answered when Eric got into the driver's seat. He started the car and put it in reverse. Instead of turning to go to my house he turned to go to Shreveport. Apparently, he was taking me to Fangtasia. I had a feeling that Eric was going to chain the man up in the sick, disgusting basement. But, I didn't feel any remorse. That man deserved it!

"Eric?"

He didn't answer. His eyes stayed focused on the road.

I tried again in a more demanding tone. "Eric!"

He still didn't answer nor look at me.

This time I tried a different approach. "How'd you know that I was in trouble?" I asked, demandingly.

This time he answered, "I felt your fear."

My eyes narrowed in confusion. "But, how? I've never had any of your blood..." I paused when realization hit me. "Oh fuck!" I exclaimed.

"The night you got into the wreck," he reminded me.

I shook my head in disbelief and slammed my head back on the head rest, covering the top half of my face with one of my hands. "Sookie said I spit most of your blood out. I swallowed some didn't I?"

"You're just now realizing that?" he asked, resorting back to his usual ways.

Well, that all explained my recent sex dreams about him and me. I ignored his comment and closed my eyes. The whole rest of the way to Fangtasia I ignored him. Well, actually I fell asleep about half way there. Fighting was really tiring.

--------

My eyes slowly opened however long later. I realized that it wasn't that long when I, through my blurry vision, saw the lit up "Fangtasia" sign. Either my eyes were playing tricks on me or I was high because the sign seemed to be getting closer and closer. I don't know why or how though. I wasn't walking.

Out of nowhere Pam was in the doorway. She smiled, "So, how's our favorite hybrid doing?"

If I hadn't of just woken up I would've said something right then and there, but I decided that I'd wait til' another time when I was fully aware of my surroundings.

Obviously, Eric ignored her. "Pam, get the man out of the trunk and take him down to the basement and chain him up before everyone starts arriving," I heard Eric order he from above me.

Just then did I realize that the reason why I was getting closer to the "Fangtasia" sign without walking was because Eric was carrying me. Bridal style to say the least. Is it wrong of me to have actually liked being carried by him like this?

"Yes, master," Pam smiled as Eric handed her my keys and she walked past us.

I was so tired that I couldn't fight the urge to look up at him. He sensed my gaze and looked down at me. "Go back to sleep," he told me.

Normally I would have protested, but instead I closed my eyes and let sleep overcome me once again, but not before mumbling with a tired smirk, "You're turning into a softy."

--------

When I woke up a little while later I was curled up on a couch. Sitting up, stretching my arms above my head and yawning, I looked around. I recognized the room immediately. I was on Eric's couch in Eric's office. Slight blush creeped up on to my face. Looking down at my legs I couldn't help, but smile. He'd been nice enough to cover me up with a blanket.

I looked up at the clock on the wall and saw that it was a quarter past two in the morning. I could hear the bass of the music from the bar come through the walls. Pushing, the blanket off of me, I slowly stood up.

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw my purse sitting on the edge of his desk. I smiled, thanks to him, for the second time this morning. Apparently, he wasn't as bad as he made himself out to be around everyone.

Not being able to resist temptation I pulled my compact mirror out of my purse and opened it. Oh, yeah! I could see the big black and blue bruise already forming around my left eye. Anger began to make my blood boil.

Now I really wanted to know who that bald man was. I wanted to know who sent him. Surely someone had sent him. Unless, of course, he just really wanted to die. I would of killed him the first chance I had gotten if Eric wouldn't have been there.

I place the mirror back in my purse and headed towards the door. I opened the door and stepped out, not worrying about being quiet. No one could hear me over the music anyways. Now I was standing in a short hallway.

I made my way to the doorway that lead from the back of the club to the front and peaked my head around the corner. I hoped that Eric would sense me so that I didn't have to go out there. I really didn't want to be around people right now.

Lucky for me he did sense my presence. Promptly, he stood up from his throne and began walking my way. When he was half way to me I headed back into the office. He wasn't that far behind me.

I turned my attention to him as he closed the door. I was propped up on his desk. I honestly didn't care if I was sitting on his papers or not. If they were important papers then oh well. They would only be a bit wrinkly.

"Where'd you put that man?" I asked unsure why I did. I already knew the answer to the question.

He answered and proved me right like I already knew he would, "He's chained up in the basement."

I perked up, "When do we get to interrogate him?"

"Later when he comes to," Eric answered, standing in between my now open legs, looking down upon me.

Now was the first time that I realized our peculiar position. I wanted to move, but something inside of me was fighting me to stay where I was now. I swallowed the lump that was forming in my throat.

My eyes went instantly to his lips. I bit my tongue to stop myself from letting out a small moan that was begging to be let out. Oh, how I really wanted to kiss him right now. Find out what I am and have been missing. But, I just couldn't. I highly doubt that two or three nice things requires handing yourself over to someone.

"In the meantime..." he purred into my ear. "There are a few things that come to might that we could do to pass time."

I shook my head no, knowing exactly what ideas he was thinking of. "No we can't, Eric!" I felt a pool of heat instantly between my legs, but I refused to change my mind. My mind was set.

"Are you sure?" he asked seductively.

I felt the his teeth touch the skin of my ear and shivered. The pool between my legs grew bigger. "Eric! Quit it!" I exclaimed, using all my might to push him away. "Are you using something from the bond to make me feel this way?" Stupid question alert!

"No, I would never," he said with a smirk.

It was a given that he was lying through his teeth. He was at the moment in complete control of what was going on in between my legs. He knew it and he was enjoying it. However, I refused to give in. He wouldn't have me. Certainly not now. That was for damn sure.

"You're lying through your teeth," I said.

"Then why'd you ask?"

"Cause' I can."

He leaned in closer to me despite my clear no. I wouldn't allow anything to happen. Not now. Possibly not ever. I'd decide that later on in life. I sat quietly, his face inches from mine, trying to come up with some kind of an excuse to get out of this position. Then it hit me.

I put my best pouty face on.

Eric saw my now pouty face and backed up, "What?" he asked.

"I hate to be a sissy right now, but my eye really stings!" I pouted. "And, also, I should call Sookie," I said then added, "She's probably worried right now!"

"She's called you at least five times already," he informed me.

I looked up at him, our blue eyes meeting, and asked, "How do you know?"

"The constant ringing and beeping got annoying after a while."

I laughed briefly, "You'd think that a vampire like yourself wouldn't get annoyed that easily."

"Yes, one would think," he agreed.

Respectfully, which was a complete shock to me, Eric left the office to give me some privacy while I called Sookie. "Weird," I thought to myself as the door closed behind him.

As my feet hit the ground, I began digging through my purse for my phone. While searching through my purse, I realized that someone had been in my purse. Thank god I didn't have a tampon in there. That would've been rather embarrassing. Nothing was where I had left it. Everything was there, however. I didn't say anything for that reason.

At last I found my phone at the bottom of my purse. I couldn't help, but laugh. So, the constant ringing and beeping bothers them and they put my phone at the bottom of my purse. I wonder how much that helped?

Pulling it out I dialed Sookie's number and place the receiver to my ear. I prepared myself for what was to come. Of course, what was to come was a worried and frantic Sookie.

After a few rings she picked up. As I knew she would Sookie exclaimed frantically, "Selena! Are you okay? Where are you? I was worried. What happened?"

"I'll explain everything later. In the meantime can you come to Fangtasia, please?"

"What are you..."

I cut her off, "Just, please, come Sookie!"

"Okay."

"Can you bring me a change of clothes, too?"

"Sure."

"Oh and bring Bill. I'm going to need you to drive me and my car home tonight."

"What, why?"

"Sookie!"

"Fine! Umm, yeah sure, of course! We'll be there in an hour or so."

"Thank you! I'll see you then." With that I hung up.

--------

Like Sookie had said, she and Bill arrived about an hour later. I'm assuming that Sookie drove them here. When it comes to me or anyone in her family in general she always becomes reckless about things. Sookie came straight back to the office when she arrived. Bill was right behind her.

She gasped and her jaw dropped when she walked in and laid her eyes on my even more bruised left eye. "What the hell happened?" she asked in shock.

"I was attacked outside of Merlotte's when I got off work," I answered.

"By who?" she asked.

As if I'd know! I shrugged my shoulders, "I don't rightly know. Some man. Eric chained him up downstairs in the basement. We'll interrogate him when he wakes up."

"Do you think he was sent by someone?" Bill asked, adding himself into the conversation.

I looked at him. Serious as serious can get I answered, "I've never seen that guy in my life. Yet he knows my name and he knows what I am. Someone that knows me well had to have sent him. It's the only way that this whole situation can make any sense at all."

"Who'd you ever tell your secret to?"

I thought really hard, but only drew a blank. "I don't remember telling anyone." "Well except for Eric," I told myself. But, if he wanted me for something he'd take me himself. He wouldn't hire someone to do it. Especially at night when he's awake.

Sookie sighed frustrated, "Then that leaves us at a dead end."

"I guess it does."

Silence filled the office.

"Did you bring a change of clothes for me?" I asked ready to get out of my semi revealing clothes.

She nodded and handed me the bag she was holding. "I didn't know what you would want, so, I just grabbed you your Linkin Park t-shirt, jeans, and a pair of Boots."

I shook my head, taking the bag from her. "It's fine. Thanks!"

"You're welcome!"

"Sookie, come with me to the bathroom so I can change," I said, almost sounding desperate.

"Of course!" She turned to Bill, "You don't have to stay here if you don't want to. You can go home. I'd understand if you did. We've got it all under control now."

He shook his head, "I have no where important to be tonight. I think I'll stay," he said.

"Alright, then. We'll be right back."

Sookie and I walked past him and down the hall to the Ladies Restroom. After changing my clothes and making myself look at least halfway presentable, regardless of my black eye, Sookie and I made our way out. I placed the bag of my dirty clothes on the floor in Eric's office next to his desk where my purse sat.

Upon entering the actual bar area, you can bet, I made my way straight over to the bar. I ignored every human and every vampire in my path. Lucky for me noone and nothing seemed to notice me. Well, I guess it's safe to say now that this is the place to be when you have a visible black eye that you don't want people to notice. I took a seat at the bar.

"Same as last time?" the bartender asked, recognizing me. He saw my eye, but didn't say anything. Thank god!

I shook my head, "Yes, please, that'd be great!"

"It's on the house," he said when he placed the drink on the bar in front of me.

"Umm...thanks," I smiled briefly taking the drink from where he'd placed it. I had a feeling that Eric was behind it. But, I never asked him about it. I just drank and drank. I was in my own little world. That is until I finished my second drink and Sookie came over.

"That man's awake. We have to make it quick though. Sun up is in less than two and a half hours," she told me.

I stood up, "Let's get this over with."

Eric, Pam, and Bill were already down there when Sookie and I went downstairs.

Anger overcame me as soon as I saw the face of the mad who had temporarily damaged mine. I opened myself up to him for a moment and smiled when I felt the horror coming off of him. The table's were now turned in my favor!

"My eye is fine, thank you," I hissed, balling my hand into a fist and swinging back before forward to connect with the man's left eye.

His head went sideways as he screeched in pain.

"As the saying from the Hebrew Bible goes; An eye for an eye!" I smirked, circling him. He was chained up in the middle of the basement elevated off the ground. "So, who are you?" I asked not in the mood to be played with. I made that perfectly clear in my tone of voice and in the way that I asked him.

He swallowed hard, "J...Jonas...Clemings."

"I call fake name," I said as soon as he stated his name. "But, whatever. Who sent you, Mr. Clemings?"

"P...please call me Jonas."

I rolled my eyes. Kiss ass! Now you want to be friends. Puh-fucking-lease! I scoffed, "Mr. Clemings sounds better." "Now, who sent you?" I asked again.

"I don't know!"

I didn't believe him for a second. "Oh, bullshit! Who in the hell sent you?"

"I don't know his name!"

"But, you know what he looks like?" I asked, hoping he did.

Jonas nodded.

I stood there waiting for him to give me a description, but he never did. "Well..." I urged him on, getting frustrated.

Jonas swallowed hard. It was as if he was afraid to answer. Apparently his employee would kill him or something close to it for telling me? Maybe, I don't know. Either way, I didn't care. I just wanted to know who the hell sent him.

"We don't have all damn night!" I hissed. "So, get on with it!"

Jonas finally gave in. "He has brown hair...umm...brown eyes...and a...umm a scar...a scar that goes from his left ear all the way down to his jaw bone."

I was puzzled. The guy that Jonas was describing was vaguely familiar. Then, as if a predator had just pounced to attack it's prey, it caught me off guard. "Does your employer by any chance have a foreign language tattoo on the right side of his neck?" I asked biting the inside of my cheek.

Jonas nodded and said, "He knew you'd recognize him."

Now I was confused, "You were hired by a human?"

Jonas shook his head no. "He's a vampire."

My breath caught in my throat. If I wasn't so shocked and freaked out and could breath right now then I'd have been on the ground having a full blown panic attack. But, my saving grace was that I was caught by surprise at the moment.

"Selena," Sookie said my name worriedly, breaking me out of my shocked and freaked out state of mind. "What's wrong?"

I turned slowly to her catching her gaze along with Eric, Pam, and Bill's. "He was sent by Drake," I managed to get out.

"Drake?" Eric asked curiously.

I was too speechless to answer at the moment.

Sookie took the weight off of my shoulder and answered for me. "Her ex boyfriend."

"You dated a vampire? I thought you said you weren't into vampires," Pam said in a disbelieving tone.

I finally got some of my voice back and was able to say, "No! He was human when I dated him! Who the hell turned him? I thought he was dead! He's suppose to be dead!"

"Selena..." Sookie started.

I cut her off quickly. "I want to go home. I need to go home...NOW! Sookie, come on," I said heading up the stairs.

"So, do we get to kill the guy?" Pam asked.

I stopped halfway up the stairs and backed down a couple of stairs until she was in full view. "No killing! Turn him into the cops!"

"For what? What do we tell them he did?"

I shrugged, "I don't rightly know. You'll think of something," I said before beginning to make my way up the stairs again. "Don't let me find out that you killed him!" I called behind me.

Once out of the basement and out the bar I felt like I could breathe again. At least a little bit. I just couldn't believe it. No, I wouldn't believe it. There was absolutely no way that I'd allow my past to ever become my present again. There's just no way!