Heather and Robert
by TigerKitten28

Part 8

-------------------------------------------------------
--- Sophomores Back at College ---
-------------------------------------------------------

We went back to college in the fall. It was good to be back. I was a little jealous, you convinced your parents to let you and Denny get a small apartment just off campus, but I was unable to convince my parents to let me move off campus, so I was stuck in the dorms. Still, I knew I'd be able to stay over a decent amount and have a more private place to hangout with you two, so it wasn't the end of the world.

After I got settled in my dorm with a new roommate that seemed nice enough, I walked to your apartment. You let me in and I greeted you and Denny each with a kiss because I'd missed you both. It was a furnished apartment, which was good. It appeared to have been furnished and unchanged since 1971, which was less good. There was a weirdly large macrame plant hanger hanging from the ceiling in the corner of the living room. The wallpaper was a cool colour paisley pattern. There was a chest-high bookshelf against the wall that was shaped like a row boat standing on end.

The bedrooms were small, and aside from the lime green shag carpet, they were identical and unremarkable. I thought it was less room than my side of the dorm room if I'm being honest. In some places they refer to the bathroom as a water closet, or at least that's what I've read. I understood the term when I saw how a shower stall, sink, and toilet were packed into the smallest possible 'room'. My closet at home was literally bigger.

The kitchen was simple and functional. All in all, it was not an amazing apartment. I was still so jealous. Then I made the mistake of asking Denny what he did all summer. That led us outside to a 25 minute demonstration of him flying a drone he had gotten, complete with a GoPro attached to record the flight. He let me fly it close to the ground a little. It was more fun than I expected.

When we got inside I asked if I'm allowed to go naked in your apartment. You and Denny assured me it was encouraged if not required. I took out both of you guys' cocks and got us ready for tomorrow's first day of classes by sucking you each off. I had missed having two sets of manhood in my life for the past few months. With you both having empty balls and me with a tummy full of cum, we talked and traded stories. Denny learned about my special cream. All the while I had four hands lazily groping me. I was glad we were all together again.

It was a busy week for all of us. We met up on campus for lunch or to study together, but we didn't get a chance to play at the apartment. Finally on Saturday afternoon I came over to the apartment. There were a couple new hooks on the wall and some furniture was moved around. I said "rearranging?"

"Sort of. Those hooks are for your clothes. We decided just like our old shed, that you will be naked in our apartment unless you have special permission."

I loved this already. It was a whole apartment where my rights, and I, could be stripped. The world of Recreational Misogyny had started the size of a shed, had grown to the size of a dorm room, and now expanded to an entire two-bedroom apartment. I quickly stripped naked to visually declare my lesser-than status.

Denny said "I felt really bad that you spent the summer not being able to feel your pussy Heather. I want to make up for it."

I said, "Um...OK," confused.

I was blindfolded and my wrists were tied. Then I was lifted up by you two. It was disorienting, but when you removed the blindfold it made sense. My wrists were now attached to the ceiling hook where the plant had been hanging, and I was now 'sitting' on the top of the row boat shelf. The bow of the boat came to a sharp edge and my pussy was right on it with the weight of my body pulling me down.

You each took one of my mouse traps and held it primed near my tits. I squirmed and the edge dug into my pussy. I groaned. You said "I think she is figuring it out now Denny". You two laughed at my expense. I remember you and I distinctly making eye contact so you could make sure I was OK. I gave you a tiny wink to let you know I needed this after a nearly-celibate summer and to do your worst. Then you two jiggled the traps near my nipples until they snapped closed on me. I yipped loudly but quickly quieted myself since you share walls with the neighbours.

Then, to add insult to injury, you put on one of the extended cuts of a Lord of the Rings movies. I wished I couldn't see the TV from my perch as I don't get those movies at all. Are they trying to find the ring or get rid of the ring? Who cares is my thought. I find those movies to be boring and you two happily watched the whole three hours. I squirmed and tried to reposition and pull myself up from time to time, but it brought no relief. My clit was getting crushed by my weight and this edge felt like it was cutting my pussy in two. You two were evil geniuses together and I was lucky to have you both.

As the credits rolled you two helped me down. You roughly rubbed my pussy and I shrieked in pain. You said "she feels her pussy now." Denny had to give my abused crotch a slap too to make sure. You whispered "we can stop if this is too much." I kissed your cheek and shook my head.

Denny said, "take her to your bedroom Robert." You led me by pulling on my pubes. I looked down, my slit was red and angry. It would have been a great picture for those old magazines we had that got us started down this road.

Once I was on your bed, you and Denny each took your clothes off too. You said "we are your friends, so we are giving your pussy a break. Denny convinced me to try anal." You had put countless objects up my bottom over the years but never your cock. Anal didn't really interest you much. Texting with Denny over the summer though, you learned that he had a strange code of ethics that applied to our situation. Since I was your girlfriend, my pussy belonged to you. He'd lick it, he'd finger it, and he'd torture it, but never fuck it even though you told him he could. Denny was very interested in anal. His code of ethics wouldn't let him fuck my ass until you had popped my anal cherry first.

I didn't know all of this until later that night so I just said, "OK. Have fun."

You lubed up and slid your cock slowly up my butthole. I thought it was nice to know you in this way too. You whispered "I like your pussy better." It didn't stop you from going hard on my ass and cumming up my bottom though. I think you knew I appreciated the degradation of you using my 'exit' hole as a cum dumpster. You kissed me and said "I'm gonna hop in the shower." I think it was the ick of anal that didn't appeal to you. With my cherry popped you gave Denny a fist bump. He could now 'ethically' fuck my ass.

Denny lubed up and said, "I've been thinking about this little pucker since last year." I blushed at the notion that my anus occupied so much of his thoughts. He pushed the tip in, undeterred by your creampie. Denny loved my ass with how he moaned. Soon he was unloading his nuts up into my guts. I don't know how, but even with my pussy throbbing with pain, I had a small and unordinary feeling sort of orgasm, from anal alone.

Denny and I cleaned up and we all got into bed. The school year just started and I was already feeling like the world was right and I was doing what I was meant to with my favourite boys. That is also how our slang reference started because I now had a 'Robert hole' and a 'Denny hole'.


----------------------------------------
--- College Party Safety ---
----------------------------------------

That next weekend was the first parties of the year. We all got an invite from someone we met in the student union one afternoon. I think we all went into it hoping for something similar to our party last year. It turned out not to be like that. Because the invitations were given out indiscriminately, the party was crowded and had good people but also some riff raff.

We had only been at the party 45 when we saw a situation go down. A random dude tried to put roofies into a few girls' drinks. I saw it happen but so did some big jocks. I was amazed at how quickly they snatched him up, took him outside, and made it clear to him it was unacceptable. I heard he had a broken nose and a couple cracked ribs and he was never seen at school again. What nobody but me saw was that as he got grabbed a couple pills fell and went under the couch. After the commotion died down I went and got the two pills. Then we left. This was not our kind of party.

The next day I Googled the letters and numbers on the pills and confirmed it was Rohypnol. I then got the most delightfully awful idea. I sat you and Denny down. At first you two resisted, but in the end you two came around and agreed to help me. We were going to teach party safety.

We made fliers and did all the prep work. Then the next weekend we set to work. We didn't invite people indiscriminately. We selected couples walking around campus and a few single guys that seemed normal. Each couple or single guy had a 30 minute time slot starting at 8pm and going until 2am for a total of 12 slots. I prepared to do the main role of teaching by recording a special video at 7pm using Denny's GoPro.

The video lasted only five minutes. I came onscreen and said "Party safety is something everyone needs to take seriously. I was recently at a party where a guy tried to put roofies in some girls' drinks probably so he could try to date rape them later in the night. We averted disaster but I wanted to educate people. This is what the pills look like." I showed the pills to the camera.

Then I dropped both pills into a bottle of beer. I took a drink. I said "with the pills in there it tastes slightly bitter and the beer tastes flat. If your drink suddenly tastes like that. Stop drinking it immediately." I then swirl the bottle to mix in the pills and drink the rest of it. I said "to see how out of it it really makes a person, my friends Robert and Denny will bring you into the bedroom where I am. You are allowed to do what you want with my clothing to try to get me to wake up. If you put on a condom you can even try to see if sex will wake me. This video is proof that I have given consent, so you are free to explore the situation as the mood strikes you."

The video ends. You showed it to the first couple at 8pm and brought them into your bedroom where I was passed out. Denny's GoPro recorded what happened in the room, while either you or Denny monitored from outside the room for safety. The guy said, "she's really out. I definitely want you to be careful at parties babe. This is no joke."
She said, "try and wake her. Lift her shirt up." He did. I didn't stir. That's all they did, then they left. Denny came in and 'reset' me.

At 8:30pm a cute single guy came. You played the video for him. He went in and slowly pulled up my shirt and bra. He groped me. Then, emboldened, he pulled my yoga pants and panties down and then off. He took a condom from the bowl you set out on the nightstand. He took his dick out and put on the condom. Then he got on top of my unconscious body and put his dick in my pussy. We made sure to supply lubricated condoms because we read that I wouldn't be turned on and thus, not wet. He fucked me for seven minutes then came. I didn't show any signs of waking. He threw out the condom and said, "wow guys. She's really out. I will definitely watch out for girls I party with." You 'reset' me.

The next couple came at 9pm and watched the same video. This time the girl really wanted to see her boyfriend try to wake me up with sex. He put on a condom and started to fuck me. She made the suggestion to try to put it in my ass to see if it would wake me. He pushed his cock up my butt and I didn't even flinch. He came after a few minutes of using my limp body for anal while she twisted my nipples to make sure I wasn't faking it. At the end the girl said, "I really thought I'd just be drowsy if I ever got roofied. It's way more serious than I thought."

Every time slot had me undressed, groped, fingered, pussy fucked, ass fucked, or some combination of them. Each time one of you would re-dress me for the next time slot. Finally the last single guy left at 2:30am. You two cleaned me up, put pyjamas on me and tucked me in. I slept until 1pm. I woke up with a headache, a sore vagina, and an aching asshole. After I had some coffee and felt awake enough, the three of us watched to GoPro videos. It was so strange to see me there but have no recollection of anything that happened.

Not to beat around the bush, but seeing me voluntarily 'date raped' over and over by people I probably won't see again was emotionally intense, but also really arousing. You two thought that too. Despite my body having lots of sex last night, I felt like I'd been celibate all weekend. I didn't care I was sore. It might have broken the Recreational Misogyny ratio, but I came from Denny using my Denny Hole and again from you using my Robert Hole. Thankfully I didn't need condoms with you two.

I was really glad it seemed like each couple or guy left the experience with a greater respect for the dangers that lurk at parties. I know I didn't solve the date rape problem in the world or even on our campus, but I felt like I made a difference. That was what this was all about. The fact that we now have a video of me getting used over and over that gets the three of us horny whenever we watch it because of how well it fits into our Recreational Misogyny lifestyle is just an unintended accident.


