
http://www.asstr.org/~DariusThornhill

Baby Maker by Darius Thornhill

I awoke with my arms round two different pairs of shoulders. The two naked blondes lay one either side of me, their heads spilling long fine golden hair over my chest. Their breathing was shallow and regular as they slept. Their sleepy inactive hands rested on my cock and balls. Two pairs of firm young breasts nestled against my body and two warm cunts pressed themselves against my thighs. The girls were identical twins and the previous night, well most of the previous night actually, Id fucked them both, at least three times each, using all my technique and training to fill their fertile young bodies with my Class A sperm.

Id arrived around eight oclock the previous evening. Their mother had answered the door, smiling and welcoming me in. The two girls stood behind her, giggling and nudging each other at my nakedness but also looking a little nervous. They were nude except for the circlet of flowers in their hair and their little white deflowering panties. Behind them stood the guests, all female, most of them mothers themselves. I recognised a quite a few of them. 

The girls mother introduced me to them and I immediately forgot which was which as they were perfectly identical. They were about 5 4 tall with golden blonde hair falling over their bare shoulders and naked breasts. Their proud little breasts fell to slim waists curved nicely outwards to ripe hips that were outlined by the thin side straps and tied bows of the panties. Further down between their thighs tiny triangles of translucent white material covered their smooth hairless mounds. Their mother urged them to turn full circle so I could see all their bodies. She was obviously very proud of them. And wouldnt any mother be? Her two daughters were about to be lose their virginity and have their first babies started - a major event in any family.

To a murmur of approving comments and a few cries of joy from the guests the girls lifted their arms above their heads and turned full circle so I could really appreciate just how ready they where. Their hips swelled just perfectly into their pert little bottoms and the connoisseur in me appreciated that shed held off until they were really ready  nubile and fecund. Its hard having to say no to a desperate mother when her thin hipped daughter is standing there scared to death, hiding her small tits under crossed arms and obviously not yet mature enough for intercourse and babies. But you cant blame them. The pressure is everywhere to get them started as soon as possible. But these two were the best Id seen in ages. I knew this would be fun for me and I could show them just how much fun iarting round their mum and taking my arms, rubbing their breasts against my sides as they did so. Their mother apologized and called them to stop being so eager as they dragged me off to the bedroom. She tried to keep them under control and to think of their guests but it was a loosing battle. She apologised to her guests and asked her sister-mother to look after the guests while we went to the bedroom.

The bedroom was perfect; large and warm with a big circular bed in the middle and surrounded my mirrors. Their mum had invested in some special silk deflowering sheets. Classy stuff, they must have cost a bundle. She really did care for those girls. 

Now normally if there are two at one time Ill take the older one first and then the younger so I can give my full attention to each girl. But these two wanted to be deflowered together. They did everything together apparently and wanted to be with each other when their special time came. I had no objections. Im not one of those guys who sticks to the rules. Not the type that just bends them over and fills their cunts before getting back home to some scruffy little pre-fab out in the subs. OK, I know theyd be just as pregnant if I did, but there is such a thing as customer satisfaction, not to mention that its more satisfying for me to do the job properly. If you have to do something you might as well do it well and enjoy your self too. So I take my time and if the girls want something a little different, like two together I do my best to accommodate them and help them to enjoy it.

I made a few adjustments to the lighting while the mother asked if it was OK if she stayed to watch. I told her it was up to the girls. They were fine with that so I asked her to sit in a comfortable chair and try not to distract them. So we were all ready.

I asked the girls to join me on the bed. We knelt facing each other while I took them through the short ceremony. Really this was just a way of relaxing them but also to make sure they were ready and willing to go through with their deflowering. They were both very ready and very willing so I moved to the next stage. I asked them to kneel facing me with their legs slightly apart. They looked serious now they knew the actual deflowering was about to happen. I asked them to close their eyes and just let themselves relax. I stroked their heads and shoulders as I explained that Id be using my penis to penetrate them and place fertile sperm inside their vaginas and that would start the babies off. I explained that I would be very gentle and it wouldnt hurt at all and that they would almost certainly enjoy it and that theyd wake up tomorrow with their first beautiful babies starting to develop. They both nodded keenly, they already knew all this stuff from their pre-def lessons but I think the ceremony is important and helps make it all special and memorable for them. 

As I was talking to them my hands moved down to their breasts and I gently circled them playing over their nipples to judge if they were relaxed and enjoying it. My cock started to grow as the soft weight of their breasts massaged my palms. Both pairs of nipples were firm under my touch showing they were ready for my hands to reach down, take their hands and place them on my cock. I showed them how to stroke it gently telling them that would make it fully erect and ready to impregnate them. Once theyd got used to that and my cock was growing harder by the second I told them I was going to remove their panties and that they should keep them safe to remember this special time.

I gently pulled the little bows and two thin wisps of lacy material fell away revealing perfectly smooth hairless mounds. Gently I stroked each little pussy noticing with satisfaction that there were hints of wetness between their thighs. These girls were ready and their bodies were confirming that fact. I eased my hand between their legs and slipped a finger between their wet pussy lips. They both jumped and squeezed my cock harder as the tip of my fingers found their clitorises and made little circles in the wetness for a good few minutes. Now little moans escaped them and I judged the time right to ease my finger further down between their thighs until I felt two identically perfect little wells of warmth. Now I asked them if they were ready to make their very first baby and they both nodded. I don't think they trusted themselves to speak.

Now the standard technique for two girls is to place one face down on the bed and the other face down on top of her so you can access them both at once. But I thought that these two would appreciate a different way. So I asked one to lie on her back and slipped a pillow under her firm young cheeks lifting her up. Now I asked the other to lay face down on top of her so their two neat little vaginas were exposed to me only a few inches apart. I knelt forward and used my hard cock to rub between their legs from one pussy up to the other and back down again. Each time I passed one of their tight holes Id ease the very tip of my cock in a little and then dip it into the other one immediately afterwards. They didnt know if I was pressing against them or just inside them. Thats the art of it you see. This way they would never know whod been first to be penetrated because as soon as I was an inch into one tight little entrance I was just as far into the other. 

Slowly, with increasing firmness I penetrated them more and more deeply in turn as they became wetter and wetter. After a few minutes of this exquisite torture I found they were relaxed enough for full penetration. Now they were moving against me and each other and I saw to my delight they were holding each others hands and kissing each other. They did love each other these two. It was a real pleasure to be deflowering and impregnating them. I could see their mother reflected in a mirror. Her thighs were apart and her hand was buried in her knickers as she watched her daughters lose their virginity.

Now I was fully penetrating each in turn building a steady rhythm going from one to the other in rapid succession. My cock felt beautiful resistance and their tight pussies sucked and squeezed eager for my impregnating sperm. I felt them start to have their first orgasms and had to hold their hips firmly to keep them in place while I fucked first one virgin cunt and then the other. My balls were ready to have their first attempt at making these two eager young ladies pregnant so I let my sperm laden semen spray over their vaginas before using my fingers to push some inside both of them at the same time. Then, to make sure, I thrust my cock deep into each of them and ejaculated again deep inside their waiting bodies. I came again twice giving each of them a healthy load of my fertile sperm as they both came again and again. Their almost continuous orgasms wore the poor girls out and even continued after I finally pulled my long thick cock out for the last time using it to titillate their clitorises for a few moments to let them know I had finished for the time being. They kept coming, instinctively squirming their little bottoms in an enticing movement. In the end I just held their little pussies in the palms of my hands feeling their virginal spasms and aftershocks, listening to their little cries and groans as they twitched and quivered. When it was over I gently separated them and lay between them pulling each towards me so they were secure and comfortable and in contact with the man who had just taken their virginity and helped them start the transition from girls to women.

Twice more that night the girls cried out their joy as I emptied my balls into them. I know I probably didnt need to. I was sure Id already done my job. Even as they slept my babies were almost certainly starting their long journey into the world and nine months later the girls would be happy mums themselves, but like, I said; I enjoy my work. And it is important after all. How else are we to maintain the birth rate? I mean the survival of the colony is at stake. How were we to know that out here light-years from Earth this new type of radiation would emasculate most of the men making them incapable of reproduction? Sure they could work and have erections but they couldnt grow the colony and we needed more bodies to survive and grow. 

So you could say I was one of the lucky few. One of the very small number of men who were immune to the effects of the radiation. Over the years we had adapted our society to cope. When we first started the Colony Growth Team, thered been all sorts of trouble with jealousy and some pretty nasty incidents when a husbands frustrations boiled over and we lost a few good men. Fertile men we really couldnt afford to lose.

Men and women no longer shared houses or lived as couples although they did meet for social and sexual recreation but it didnt result in children and I think the women just didnt enjoy it so much if they knew there was not chance of becoming pregnant. Now the mothers preferred to protect their future and their childrens future by keeping the men away from their homes.

And the women had found their own way to protect their daughters too. The little ceremonies, the special sexy clothes and the Deflowering Parties they gave.

You can see, as I lay on the bed that following morning, why I was contented. The two girls slept happily by my side and I watched with some deep satisfaction as their cute bellies rose and fell with their breathing. I could imagine them in a few months time with a baby or even two making their bellies big and sexy.

Eventually they woke and stretched and looked at me with sleepy smiles. They kissed me and asked me if they really were pregnant. I assured them they would know for certain in a few weeks and that if they werent Id be back again until we were.

Then their mum came in and they all hugged and there were a few tears. Then she smiled at them rubbed their little bellies, patted their bottoms and shooed them off to shower and get dressed.

And that was that.

Apart from the envelope she pushed into my hand as I left. She kissed my cheek and whispered Thats just a little thank-you for being so good with my girls. They really like you and you made it very special for them.

The hover taxi skimmed low over the vast arid plain back towards home and a bed. I opened the envelope; a healthy credit and a slip of paper. The paper had her private vid-line number and a little note telling me the girls were out late every five-day evening visiting their sister-mother.

The mothers I meet are usually in their late twenties and some of them can be pretty demanding let me tell you. They say you never forget your first time and it seems to me thats true. If a woman wants to dress up in her floral circlet and her deflowering panties and have her virginity taken all over again why not? Call it a perk of the job and if they want their bellies filled with my babies its my duty isnt it?

I go home exhausted sometimes. It is a hell of a job let me tell you, but someone really does have to do it if we are to survive on this bloody planet.

Darius Thornhill
2006
http://www.asstr.org/~DariusThornhill