Suggestion Box: Swim Buddies
by superevil7

Suggestion Box: Swim Buddies - Chapter 3

Coach Bayley was waiting outside the entrance to the locker room when Oly and the girls got back from the gym. The two girls, the tall brunette Kira, and the fifteen-year-old blonde Tracy had just been through the most humiliating punishment of their lives, running ten laps around the gymnasium naked. All in front of the boys' basketball team! “Good. You’re finally here. Inside girls. You too, Oly. The locker room is empty of girls at the moment.” She explained, holding the door open for the three to come in.

"I trust the girls gave you no trouble, and that they completed all ten laps, Oliver?"

"Um, yes, Coach Bayley. They did."

“Uh uh! Where do you girls think you’re going?” The coach asked, noticing the girls were trying to sneak away to their lockers.

“Um, can’t we get dressed now, Ms. Bayley?” Kira asked as she and Tracy turned back around to face the woman. Both girls had gone back to desperately trying to hide their privates ever since exiting the gymnasium, continuing to do so now.

“Not so fast, girls. I think we need to have a bit of a chat first. I want to understand what your original goal was, pushing Oliver into the girls' locker room today.” The woman said, folding her arms and giving them a stern glare.

“We uh… Well, I was…” Tracy didn’t know what to say to explain their actions. “It was just a prank?” She said, with a small nervous smile, giving her a shrug, hoping she would have mercy.

“Uh hum…” The woman said with a frown. “Both of you! Hands behind your head! Legs shoulder width apart!” She suddenly demanded. "Now!"

“What!?” Tracy asked, stunned by her coach's words.

“You heard me!” The woman said. “I won’t say it again!”

Both girls were too scared to argue with their coach, and quickly complied, revealing themselves to the woman and Oly once again. Oly could only look upon the two naked girls with amused wonder, curious about what their maleficent coach had planned for them now. This was the first time Oly had gotten a really good look at what the girls had in between their legs in this way. Usually, he would only see such fleeting sights from behind, before the girls dove into the water during practice. Now he could see every little detail from a front view with the girls’ legs spread wide!

Kira had a cute button clit that poked out on top, with lips that seemed to want to be open all the time. Her inner lips always seemed to want to show themselves off, even when she was standing normally. Tracy’s were a bit neater and a bit more closed up usually, but now Oly could see some of her inner lips too, as her outer labia spread open slightly with the position she was standing in. Both girls kept themselves trimmed down there, as was customary on the swim team, though Kira had a bit more hair, while Tracy chose to shave all of her pubes into a neat little half inch landing strip right above her cleft.

Coach Bayley disappeared into her office for a moment, only to return with a box of tissues. She pulled one out, and marched right up to Kira. Without a word, she swiped the tissue twice between the exposed girl’s legs. Kira let out a great gasp to have her intimate privates so suddenly invaded. “Coach Bayley!!” The girl’s face went from red to dark crimson in an instant, though she was so shocked she could hardly move.

The coach repeated the same process on Tracy, though at least she could see it coming beforehand. “Ahhh!” It still caused her to let out a loud moan, and her body shuddered, when her sensitive privates were brushed by her coach’s hand holding the tissue.

“Just as I thought.” The woman held up the tissues for the girls to examine, both being practically soaked through. “You two are obviously getting excited at your current situation.”

“What!?” Kira complained.

“It’s not like that!” Tracy almost exploded in anger and embarrassment at the woman. She only managed to hold herself back, knowing just how much trouble she could get into if she let her real feelings take her over.

“The evidence is plain to see, girls.” She waved the tissue in her hand a few times below each girl’s nose. “Oliver, can you tell me, are these tissues wet, or very wet in your opinion?” She held each one out to the boy.

Oly took a second to look them over, then faced the girls. “Very wet, Ms. Bayley.” He answered with a smug smirk for each of the girls. Kira once again found her eyes shamefully averting towards the floor, while Tracy's became as big as saucers, now that her friend knew just how turned on she had become over her shameful punishment in the gym.

“Just as I suspected then. Both of you are exhibitionsits, aren’t you?” The woman couldn’t help giving the girls a sly smirk of her own.

“What…?” Tracy asked, ashamed of what she thought her coach was implying. “I mean, what does that mean?” She added, although she felt like she had a pretty good idea of what her coach was getting at.

“An exhibitionist is someone that enjoys exhibiting or displaying their nude body to others, in a sexual manner. And sometimes exposing the nude bodies of others as well. I think you two cooked up a little scheme this afternoon to show off the girls in the locker room to Oliver, in order to satiate your addiction. I think both of you were a little timid to show yourselves off too much, too afraid for your reputations, so you decided you would target some of the other girls instead!”

“What? Please coach? It’s nothing like that!” Kira gave the woman a surprised and worried look. “Please, believe me. I don’t like being naked one bit!” She exclaimed, desperately wanting to move her hands back down to cover up her naughty bits.

“Then tell me, Kira, why are you so excited right now?” Another smug smirk came to the woman’s lips, as she took a look at the girl's leaking labia. Kira couldn’t answer her, starting to shudder a little at the accusation. An accusation she could feel was very true, with the small bead of moisture slowly making its way down her inner thigh towards her knee. Following her coach's eyes, Kira could see her own moisture all over her thighs, running down her leg, and even giving a shining glint to her protruding pussy lips. She just let out a groan of shame at her own state of arousal.

The coach’s face suddenly became very serious as she looked back up. “Look. Whatever you two get up to outside of school is none of my business as far as I’m concerned. But the moment you start involving my locker room, and my girls, is when we have BIG PROBLEMS! Understand?”

“Yes, coach.” Both girls said. “We’re really sorry, coach.” Tracy continued, “We promise it won’t happen ever again. Please, didn’t you punish us enough by making us run ten laps naked in the gym? All the guys on the basketball team saw us naked!”

“Yes, I believe I’ve punished you enough for today.” The woman said, and both girls let out a sigh of relief.

“Then we can go get dressed now?” Kira asked hopefully.

“Oh, you won’t find your clothes in your lockers anymore, girls.” Their coach started explaining. “I’ve given them over to someone who can help you girls with your little exhibitionist problem. That can help you two get over your addiction in a better and safer way than trying to involve other girls that might not want to participate.”

“What, you gave our clothes away!?!” Kira shouted with dismay.

“Connor, would you come out here, please?” The coach wore a wide grin as Connor stepped out from the shadowy doorway of her office, as if she had just masterminded the greatest surprise in history. Both girls urgently covered themselves with their arms again at his sudden appearance.

“Hey, Kira baby.” He gave her a big smile, chucking at her shocked expression. “Looks like you’ve gotten yourself into some trouble again. Haven’t you? Don’t worry. I’ll always be here to help you solve any problems you get yourself into.”

“You gave him our clothes!?!” Tracy was just about as flabbergasted as Kira.

“Don’t worry. They’re safe and sound, tucked away in the trunk of my car. You two can have them back as soon as I drop each of you off at your houses.” He explained.

“Coach Bayley! You can’t really let him do this to us!?!” Kira griped, not believing any of this could be happening to her.

“Sorry girls, it’s out of my hands now. Teach ‘em a good lesson, boys!” and with that, the woman disappeared into her office.

“Hey bud, you want a ride too?” Connor gave a wink and a grin to Oly.

“Yeah, sure! Thanks, Connor!” Oly couldn’t help giving him a big smile for the offer. The more time he got to spend with the two naked teenage girls, the better.

“Well, ready to go, girls?”

“Please, can’t we talk about this?” Tracy started begging, “Please? I mean, Oly, I’m your friend. Practically your best friend, right? You’re not really going to make me walk all the way through the school, and then outside through the parking lot to his car completely naked, are you?” She tried putting on a sweet voice for him, in order to reach his more base instincts. She even let her arms drop back down to her sides, to let him see all of her bare flesh, including her breasts, again. “Please, Oly? Don’t make me do this. I mean, so many people will see me. The main road runs right by the parking lot! What if I offer to suck your cock for you again? Wouldn’t that be worth it? Wasn’t I a good little cock sucker for you earlier today, Oly?” She squeezed her boobs together with her arms, thrusting her chest out for him. “I’ll suck your big throbbing cock for you again, and then we can just forget about this whole silly little thing. Whadda ya say, Oly, pleeeease?”

Both Oly and Connor stood there for a few moments with their jaws hanging open at the young blonde. Oly had never felt temptation quite this strong in his short life before. Then he shook his head to clear out the cobwebs. “No. No way. I already get blowjobs from you every day at swim practice. You’re going to have to offer me something way better than that if you want to get out of this.” He scowled at her and folded his arms.

“You asshole!” Tracy pouted, not willing to offer him anything else at the moment to get out of her predicament.

“Well, then I guess we’re going!” Oly gave her a glare for the bad word she had called him, not feeling bad about her situation at all any longer.

Connor fished his keys from his pocket at that and started leading the girls and Oly to the door. “Wait! Just a second!” Kira said with realization. Turning towards Tracy, she said, “The box!”

“Oh, not this again!” Oly grumbled at the girls.

Both girls ignored him, turning to look over at the wall near the coach's office. Their blood pressure spiked! The box was gone! The wall where it had once hung was now occupied by a bulletin board!

“No! No! No!” Kira yelled, not believing her eyes.

“Where is it!?” Tracy shouted. “This can’t be happening!?!” She rushed over to the wall and ended up pulling the bulletin board down to the floor in desperation. It made a loud crash as it thudded against the concrete floor. Finding nothing behind it, she gave her older companion a very worried look.

Their coach had heard the racket, coming back over to investigate what was going on now. “Coach Bayley!?” Tracy exclaimed when she saw her. “What happened to the suggestion box outside of your office!?!”

The woman poked her head outside of the door, looking at the wall that the girl was gesturing towards. “What suggestion box? I never had any suggestion box?”

“The one that was right here!” Kira howled as she pointed to the wall, starting to become very panicked.

“Kira, I’ve never had a suggestion box outside of my office.” The woman said, looking at the senior girl like she was going crazy. She went over to pick up the fallen bulletin board, replacing it on the wall, before heading back into her office. "Now, I'm quite busy!" She grumbled, before slamming her office door shut behind her.

Kira still couldn't believe her eyes. She rushed over to Oly and started shaking him by the shoulders. “You remember it, don’t you!? The box! The suggestion box!! It was right there!! You put a slip inside like an hour ago and everything!!”

“Kira! Stop it! Get off of me!” He had to grab her by the wrists to get her to stop shaking him. “I’m sorry. I don’t know what you are talking about.”

“Kira baby, try to calm down.” Kira found herself in a warm, tight embrace from the older boy, Connor. “Wherever this suggestion box has gotten to, I’ll help you find it.” He said, giving her a few quick kisses on her forehead and cheek, to calm her down, and then he held her tightly once again.

“You will?” Kira was a little stunned but could feel the warmth and kindness emanating through him from his hug. “You believe me?”

“Sure I do, babe. If you say there was a suggestion box, then there was a suggestion box. Just maybe you’re not remembering exactly right where it was in the school. You sure it wasn’t outside of the main office or somewhere like that?”

“No! It was right here!” She said emphatically, pointing to the wall where she expected it to be.“I mean, I… I’m pretty sure it was here.” Now even she was starting to doubt herself.

“It was here, Kira. Trust me.” Tracy said, still holding out hope. “We just need to find where it went. Oly, you believe me, don’t you?”

“I mean…Yeah, sure Trace. I believe you…” He said, still skeptical about the whole thing. “I don't know whether or not I believe you matters much anyway. Either way, it’s gone now.”

"Well, then we'll just have to find it!" Tracy told him, giving him a look of determination.

"If you girls want to do a naked scavenger hunt around the school before going home, be my guest." Oly teased, reminding both girls once again that they were both still very much naked.

"Ugh, Oly!" Tracy complained and turned to address Connor. "You'll give us our clothes back before we start looking, right?"

"No can do, Trace. Sorry. I promised Coach Bayley that you two would learn a valuable lesson today in exposing others, and I'm a man of my word." The senior explained. "You're only getting your clothes back when I drop you off at home."

Tracy pouted at that, folding her arm. "Fine then. Just take us home. We can look for the box later."

She took a few steps towards the exit, but Oly stopped her, holding his arm out in front of her. "Wait, both of you girls got a little stinky and sweaty from the run in the gym. You should probably take a quick shower before we go."

Connor let go of Kira, appraising her body from top to bottom and noticed the bit of sweat that had transferred from her to his clothes. "Woo, yeah, baby girl. He's right." He looked over at Tracy as well. "Not only that, but both of you girls have built up a bit of a snail trail between your legs!" He laughed. "I'm sure neither of you wants anyone else to notice that."

"Connor!" Kira complained. "What the hell's a snail trail!?" A scarlet-faced Tracy whispered an explanation into her ear. "Oh, oh God!" Another deep blush emanated out of the tall brunette as she learned the boys were referencing their aroused pussies and wet thighs.

"Fine, let's get this over with," Tracy said, starting to get annoyed with the two males. She took Kira's hand, guiding her through the locker room and into the showers. After she had turned on two of the spigots to let the water warm up, she turned back around, surprised to see both boys had followed as well, and were now intensely watching them. "What are you doing!?" She complained. "We can handle this ourselves!"

"Sorry Trace, but Coach Bayley made me promise to keep an eye on both of you girls until you are safely home. I'm just doing my duty." He gave them a smarmy grin.

"And I'm just waiting on my ride from Connor," Oly added, before sticking his tongue out at his naked blonde friend. Tracy let out a scoff, but with no other complaints she could think of, she got herself under one of the streams of water. Kira just followed her lead, stepping into her shower.

Both boys enjoyed watching as the girls washed themselves, starting with their hair. Each girl leaned her head back into the water stream, using her hands to make sure each follicle was nice and wet. That left their bare bodies exposed to the boys, from a frontwards angle, and the boys got to ogle almost every bit of the girls' naked bodies that they desired.

It wasn't until Kira started rubbing the shampoo into her scalp that she noticed the way the boys were staring at her and her companion. She once again found herself blushing, particularly at the handsome senior that was now apparently her boyfriend, and she even felt a warm tingling feeling spread out from her privates to the rest of her body. Her coach couldn't really be correct in identifying her as an exhibitionist, could she?

Tracy found herself paying much more attention to Oly, and him, more attention to her, as she began spreading the soap suds around her fit swimmer's body. Despite her earlier complaining, she could feel her hormones raging, liking the way he seemed to not be able to take his eyes off of her. At this rate, she knew she would never be able to get herself fully clean, as she could feel herself immensely leaking between her legs, merely from the attention he was giving to her.

"Ohh…" She whimpered, after turning around to wash herself between her legs, still finding herself too shy to do that in front of him. She couldn't bring herself to do such a shameful act like getting herself off in front of him, but she found it almost impossible to pull her hand away from her privates after feeling such a pleasurable touch after being worked up for so long. She had been horny ever since giving him his first blowjob that day. "Ahhh…" she let out another involuntary whimper of annoyance once her hand cleared her privates and moved on to washing elsewhere on her sexually charged body.

Kira was having her own troubles as she washed herself in front of Connor. She had just reached her large breasts, and now her nipples were screaming at her to continue touching them! She started squeezing and pinching them, finally giving them the attention they had been craving this whole time! "Ahhh! God, what am I doing!?" She exclaimed, finding one of her hands involuntarily migrating down her body until she was touching her private parts for Connor too! "Ahhh!" Her fingers explored her folds until they found her clit and started working their magic. "Oh, oh God!" Her orgasm rocked her body as it finally went off, and despite still feeling very horny, the girl was satisfied enough to be able to stop herself for now. Noticing the three were all staring at her now, Kira felt ashamed of herself for what she had just done.

"Damn, Kira baby, that might just be the hottest thing you’ve ever done in front of me!" Connor complimented her, but his words just had her covering her naked body again with her arms and hands.

Kira couldn’t understand how she had lost all control of herself like that, not having planned to play with herself that way in front of them. “I didn’t mean to…” She explained in a small voice, as she wished the ground would just open up and swallow her whole.

Tracy reached over to shut off the older girl's shower, having finished with her own as well. She was a little jealous of the older girl, still feeling worked up from everything that had happened that afternoon, but she was still too shy to touch herself in front of the boys like Kira had just done. She was thankful the school provided fresh, clean towels, as she went over to dry herself off.

Kira again followed, and soon both girls had wrapped themselves in the thin, white towels once they felt dry. "Hand over the towels, girls," Connor said with a smug smirk, holding his hand out expectantly.

"What? But…?" Kira complained, clutching the towel tightly.

"You know you can't take them out of the locker room anyways." He said with a chuckle, and so both girls were forced to hand over their temporary cover, their towels, both once again nude for the boys.

Connor took the lead, holding the door to the locker room open, with a big, shiny grin for the girls. "Ladies first."

“Do I really have to?” Kira gave one final complaint, hoping beyond hope the boys would have mercy on her. “I’ve never done anything like this before in my life!”

“What are you talking about?” Connor said with a loud laugh, as he pulled out his phone. “You’re telling me this isn’t you, dancing in nothing but a blue lacy thong at Kimberly Chambers’ back-to-school party just a couple of weeks ago?” He held his phone out for each of them to look at, giving his girlfriend a large grin, as Kira just made another shameful shudder.

“Damn, Kira!” Oly commented when he had his turn to look at the phone. He flipped through a few of the photos until he reached a short video of Kira shaking her large bare breasts back and forth as the party crowd cheered her on. He gave her a large smile, turning the screen for her to see the looping video, “You go girl!” Kira wasn’t sure if it was possible to die of embarrassment, but if it was she was absolutely sure she was getting close.

“Wow…” Was Tracy’s only comment. She had clearly underestimated the older girl, thinking of her as such a goodie-good.

“That wasn’t me!” She exclaimed, “That was…!” She knew she couldn’t explain it, how the box had changed everything, apparently even her own personality. “My twin sister?” She decided to shut her mouth before it got her into trouble again.

Connor just laughed, thinking she was making a joke, as he stuffed his phone back into his pocket. “Alright, let’s go ladies.”

The girls began their shameful walk through the school with that, clutching their bodies tightly in order to hold on to a bit of their dignity and pride as they made their journey. Oliver once again took up the rear, enjoying another chance to watch the bare beauties' bare bottoms swaying back and forth in front of him.

They were just a few places away from the gym, which they would need to pass as that was the quickest way to get to the student parking lot when the door flung open. Basketball practice had just ended!

"Whooo! Yeah!! There they are again!!!" The players called, whooping and hollering at the naked girls as they practically surrounded them. "Fuck yeah, you girls are awesome!!"

Connor and Oly crowded a little closer to the girls, making sure they were protected. Kira and Tracy could only blush being surrounded by a bunch of horny, sweaty teenage boys, hoping nothing bad was about to happen to them.

"Alright, hit the showers, guys!" Their coach called, coming out of the gym last. The boy merely made a few kissy faces and lewd gestures at the naked girls, as they all herded into their locker room. Once the basketball team had cleared the area, their coach pointed over his shoulder with his thumb at the exit at the end of the hallway, saying, "Get out of here. All of you!" to Connor, Kira, Oly, and Tracy. He already knew Coach Bayley’s plans for the girls, and wasn’t going to interfere if he didn’t have to. Both girls quickly scooted away from the man's gaze, with the boys following closely.

Both girls made a shiver as all of their bare, exposed skin came into contact with the cold, brisk, fall air of the outdoors. Oly in particular noticed the goosebumps forming right away on Tracy’s arms and shoulders. He allowed his eyes to roam down, seeing she was even getting them all down her back, and even on her cute behind too! It was much more noticeable on her with her lighter complexion, though Kira was also getting goose pimples just as big.

“Where’s your car?” Tracy asked, sticking as close to the door for as long as possible. The little alcove they were in was shielding them from the view of the roadway as well as the parking lot. It also meant the girls couldn’t be sure how many others were out and about at the moment.

“It’s right over there.” Connor pointed out his red Camaro. “But you two will probably run a whole lot faster if you stop holding your arms that way.”

“Connor!?” Kira found herself trying to scold him once again.

“He’s right, Kira,” Tracy said, forcing her arms to her sides. “We can run a lot faster if we are pumping our arms.” Oly couldn't help giving an appreciative grin to the blonde girl, noticing the goosebumps all over her breasts now as well, not to mention the way her pink nipples were standing so proudly from the cold. Tracy made another shiver, knowing she couldn’t stay outside like this for long. “Come on…”

“Fine…” Kira resigned herself, dropping her arms from her breasts as well. Her, more cream-colored, nipples had gotten even more erect than the blonde girl’s, standing tall and looking taught.

“Damn, Kira!” Connor commented as he ogled her large breasts for a moment, making the brunette girl once again flush her cheeks, “Ok, I’ll go start the car for you girls. I’ll even put the heater on full blast for you.” He chuckled. “Just wait here until I give you the signal.”

It only took the older boy a minute to get to his car, and he quickly gave them a wave to come join him. As soon as the two nude girls saw his signal they rushed over, boobs and butts bouncing the entire way. A cacophony of honking suddenly rang out from all of the cars stopped at the traffic light at the front of the school. Both girls knew they were completely on show now, and that everyone at the light could see them naked. Kira in her panicked state grabbed her boobs with both of her hands, in a feeble attempt to retain some of her dignity, but it was already too late for that. Shouts of both girls’ names rang out from both the traffic and all around them in the parking lot. The two naked girls had been easily recognised.

Oly was following the girls closely, enjoying the view of their naked butts jiggling in front of him as they made their run to the car. He was ecstatic he had been here to witness the humiliating display by the girls. Especially his good friend Tracy, who he had always found very attractive. It wasn’t just seeing her naked that had him feeling so excited. It was also the fact that she was being put through such a thoroughly embarrassing ordeal. He couldn’t consciously remember it, but a part of him knew she had tried to tease him for something very similar in the past, and he felt justified in enjoying her naked humiliation.

Tracy didn’t put much worry into who was watching her, even when the flash of smartphone cameras started going off from the direction of the main road. She didn’t have time to worry about who was seeing her in all of her glory, and just ran across the pavement as fast as she could, not even attempting to hide her naked body. Unlike her older companion in nudity that had chosen to try and cover up, Tracy was able to pump her arms as she ran, so it was no surprise when she reached Connor’s Camaro first.

“What!? Connor!” Tracy yanked on the passenger side door handle, only to find it was locked. By the time she had gotten Connor’s attention, Kira and Oly had already arrived at the car too.

“Open the door, Connor!” Kira pounded on the glass, in a futile attempt to make him unlock the door.

“You have to say the magic word first!” Connor shouted from inside, giving the two desperately blushing beauties a big grin.

“God! Come on, please, Connor!” Kira begged, while Tracy just gave him a nasty scowl. Tracy had never been fond of the older boy. He was an arrogant prick as far as she was concerned, always acting so conceited, just because his family had a lot of money and connections.

Connor let out a chuckle as he opened the door for his passengers. “Seems you two are getting a lot of attention.”

Tracy rolled her eyes as she climbed into the back seat, followed closely by Oly. The two fifteen-year-olds didn’t have a lot of space in the back, and the boy couldn’t help giving his naked female friend a large grin as they were forced to squeeze in. Before she could get settled fully, he wrapped his arm around her waist and scooted even closer to his naked friend. “What are you doing?” Tracy whispered to him, feeling particularly vulnerable to have all of her bare skin so readily accessible to him in the enclosed space. She felt trapped, as she knew there was no way out of the car now that Kira had taken the front seat.

Oly used his free hand, the one not wrapped around her waist in the back, to reach over and lightly tease her bare belly with his fingertip. “Oh, nothing…” He said in a teasing manner, loving the way Tracy was beginning to squirm under his manipulation.

“Please, Oly…” Tracy made short labored breaths, as she could feel his finger tracing lower and lower down her abdomen, towards her pubic mound. Any second now, she knew he would be in contact with her aroused pussy, and as shameful as she felt about it, she found herself opening her legs a bit to offer him access to her treasures.

“You two look cozy!” Connor commented, breaking Tracy out of her aroused trance, as he spied the two in the back seat through his rearview mirror.

Tracy quickly pushed her friend’s hand away with a nervous glare. “Can we go now?!” She complained.

“Yeah!” Connor said with a laugh, wrapping his arm around Kira’s shoulder. Kira blushed to herself at that, but just wanted to get home, so made no complaint. “Ah, darn… Looks like I need to get gas. Oh well, you girls don’t mind making one little stop along the way, do ya?”

“WHAT!?!?” Both Kira and Tracy complained as Connor put his car in gear and sped out of the parking lot.


