Brian POV

When we arrived at the loft, I parked and opened the door, but before I could get out, I felt Justin’s hand on my arm. I turned to look at him and he had an apprehensive look on his face. He didn’t say anything, but I answered him anyway.

“It’s going to be ok, Sunshine, I love you.”

His face relaxed and he gave me a little smile. I don’t think he was convinced yet, but I would make sure he believed me before the day was over.

We got out of the car and into the building. I took his hand as we rode up in the elevator and he smiled a little at that.

I opened the door and we went inside. I saw him close his eyes and take a deep breath. The corners of his lips curled up a little and he opened his eyes to look around.

“You want something to drink, or I could order some food if you’re hungry.”

He shook his head.

“I’m fine, thanks.”

We sounded so fucking polite, like we were talking to strangers instead of each other. I took his hand and led him to the sofa. He came willingly, and we sat down.

“First of all, I’m sorry that I stopped calling and answering your mails, Justin. I thought I was doing the right thing by letting you do it on your own.”

He looked at me for a couple of seconds before he answered me.

“Why the fuck would you think that? We were supposed to be partners and you just fucking abandon me? How can that be for my own good? And why the fuck did I have to do it on my own?”

I hung my head because I’m ashamed of myself for listening to other people. I have always prided myself on not giving a fuck what other people think, but apparently, I do, a little too much.

“I know, Justin; it was a shitty thing to do, and there is no good excuse, but I do have an excuse. Will you let me try to explain?”

I looked at him, begging him with my eyes to listen to me. He shrugged his shoulders but gestured for me to continue.

“From the moment you left, Lindsay kept telling me to let you do this on your own; she said that since you had always had me to fall back on, you didn’t take enough chances, including with your art. I told her she was full of shit, you took plenty of chances with your art, and even if you didn’t, it was still a hell of a lot better than a lot of other shit out there.”

He gave me a little smile at that. For some fucked up reason, he always wanted me to like his art, why I’ve never figured out; what the fuck do I know about art?

“She kept telling me that you would never make it if you knew that I would always be there to catch you if you fell and all kinds of shit like that. I still thought she was full of shit until Michael told me that you had been complaining that your work was for shit, that the only fucking thing you could produce that didn’t look like crap was ‘Rage’. I started to think that maybe Lindsay was right, maybe you needed to be free of me to take the chances you had to take to make it.”

I looked at him when I was done. He was very quiet for a long time before he looked at me with so much pain and anger in his eyes.

“Do you know when I’ve taken the most chances with my art? When it’s been the most daring and experimental?”

I thought about it and something in the back of my head was telling me something, but I couldn’t quite get it out, so I shook my head.

“Right after we got back together after the Ethan fiasco, when things between us were really good. It stopped again during the pink posse and didn’t get really good again until you asked me to marry you, before you turned into pod-Brian. Do you see a pattern here? My art has been the best when you and I have been the best. I take more chances with my art when I’m secure on other fronts, when I’m not fucking scared of losing you or my mind.”

I thought about it and I knew that he was right; his art in those periods was more daring. Look at the anti-Stockwell posters; it wasn’t his usual style, but they were daring and provocative, and the two paintings he did after I showed him the house, before the disastrous stag party, were bold and awe-inspiring. Then, I thought of something.

“What about the painting Sidney Bloom had in his gallery, the one the art critic loved?”

“That wasn’t all that daring. It was good, but it was safe. Besides, when I painted that, you were still around. I may have moved out, but I knew I could still count on you if things went to hell in a hand basket.”

I winced; that had not been one of my finer moments. I had been convinced that he had really rather wanted to stay in LA than come home to me. That, in turn, had made me act like a moron and push him away.

I nodded, conceding his point. I reached out to take his hand.

“Are you sure you don’t want to give New York another try? I promise that I will come visit you often and we’ll talk on the phone every day.”

“I’m sure. Even in the beginning when we did talk, I didn’t feel at home there. New York is an amazing city, and I would love to visit. But it is not a place I want to live.”

I searched his face for any sign that he wasn’t 100% sure of what he was saying; I didn’t find any. I could finally let myself believe that he was actually back in Pittsburgh to stay. Now, we just had to work out all the rest.

“About Tom.”

He stiffened and I could see that he was pulling away from me, not physically, but mentally. I hurried to explain.

“He’s an interior designer I met when I hired him to help me with the house, with Britin.”

His head snapped up at that.

“You kept the house?”

“Yeah, I hoped that you would come home to me one day and we could maybe live there.”

I was a little embarrassed to admit that, but his eyes shone and a bright smile started blooming on his face until he thought of something else.

“But why did Michael tell me that you and Tom were together?”

“I really don’t know, Sunshine. Tom and I spent a lot of time planning out each room. That house is fucking huge and I wanted to have every room planned for your approval. We started talking about other things when he asked me whom the studio was for. He knew what I do for a living and wondered if I painted as a hobby. I told him it was for my partner. He, of course, was curious as to my partner’s whereabouts. I told him, and also told him that nothing was going to be done at the house until you came home and Ok’ed everything.”

He beamed at me and I smiled back. He looked like he was starting to believe in us again. Thank the gods; I had wanted to take him in my arms and fuck him senseless since I saw him, but I didn’t think he’d appreciate that tactic very much.

“He and I became friends. We’ve been out together, but his partner, Nick, has always been with us. I’ve even been to their house for dinner.”

I smirked, and he laughed out loud.

“You’ve been to a dinner party? Did you give them a sling?”

“No, but it was almost a house warming; they just moved to the Pitts. They were living in Boston, but Nick’s family is all here, and they actually accept, even approve of them, in contrast to Tom’s parents, who are ultra-religious and condemn them to hell.”

I saw the recognition in his eyes at that.

“Nick is a cook and both of them can find work anywhere. Nick actually started a new restaurant on Liberty, somewhere you can go if you want something a little fancier than diner food.”

We smiled at each other. We both love the diner, but not for the food. I got up off the sofa and picked up the large portfolio I had with all the plans for the house. I laid it on the table in front of Justin.

“What’s that?”

I gestured for him to open it and he did. He gasped when he saw the contents.

“Brian, it’s beautiful. You did all this?”

“Well, actually, Tom did, but I told him what we like.”

“It’s amazing.”

He was looking through all the pages in the book, taking it all in.

“If there is something you want to change, we’ll just let Tom know, and he’ll change it. That is if you want to go through with this and live at the house, with me.”

I was scared shitless of what the answer to that question might be. He looked up from the book and straight into my eyes.

“I have some conditions.”

I closed my eyes for a second, hoping that I would be able to meet those conditions.

“What are they?”

“I want you to stop listening to what other people say about you, and that includes strangers.”

He gave me a pointed look and I remembered the zucchini man and Brandon, and what had happened when I listened to their opinions of me. It damn near cost me Justin, both times. I nodded in consent to that request.

“I’ll try, Sunshine, that’s the best I can do.”

“Ok. I also want you to think really long and hard about what you want from me, what you want from this relationship. Not what you think you should want, or what you think I want, but what YOU want.”

“I have; I started thinking about that the minute you walked out the door after my syphilis. I know what I want, but I went about telling you all wrong. I guess I can understand why you thought I had become a pod person. To you, the change seemed to have happened over night; it really hadn’t.”

I took his hand and pulled him closer. When he was leaning on me, I put my arm around him and held him tight.

“I want to be your partner, equal partner in all things. I want us to build a life together at Britin.”

I still can’t believe that that name stuck, but I haven’t been able to think of it as anything else since he called it that the first time. I think he could tell by the tone of my voice what I was thinking because he snorted and looked up at me.

“We can call it something else if you want.”

“No, I’ve gotten used to it. I don’t think I’ll ever be able to think of it as anything else.”

“Ok. What else do you want?”

“I want Gus to come visit us in the summer, maybe spend a couple of weeks with us. I want to fuck you in every room, except maybe Gus’. I want to get some horses for the stables, I want to have pool parties in the summer, and family get-togethers on all the major holidays. I want to find a surrogate to have a baby for us, your baby. Not now, but someday down the line. I want it to be only us in our bed, and anywhere else, and I want to get married.”

Justin POV

I looked at him, stunned. He really had been thinking about this. But there was one thing I absolutely needed to know.

“If you have wanted all this all along, then why did you listen to Lindsay and Michael?”

“Because I always want what’s best for you, Sunshine, even if that means I have to step back and let you do it yourself.”

I smiled brightly at him; god, I love this man.

“And if you thought you had to let me do it on my own, why did you do all this?”

I swept my hand over all the plans for Britin.

“Well, first off, I did those the first month you were gone. Second, I always hoped that once you were established, you’d be home, just like you said you would.”

I remembered the promise I’d made the last night before leaving for New York. I looked at the plans for the house again, and there was nothing I wanted to change. Brian had really taken my tastes into consideration and blended them beautifully with his own. It was in fact the perfect collaboration of both our styles.

I grew quiet, and I could feel Brian’s apprehension.

“What do you want, Justin?”

He so rarely uses my name, that when he does, I take notice.

“I basically want the same things you do, Brian, but I don’t want you to feel that you’ve been forced to do something against your will. That never works with you.”

“I’m not being forced, Justin, this is what I really want, and I want it all with you.”

His voice broke a little at the end and I know how he hates when he gets emotional, so I figured I needed to do something before he would take it all back, just to cover up. I turned to face him and leaned in to kiss him. At first, it was just a gentle meeting of lips, but then, I pressed a little closer and he opened his mouth for me. After that, it was all over. The spark we’ve always had between us was ignited and we pulled at each other’s clothes to get to the skin underneath.

We tumbled onto the sofa, him on his back with me on top. We were naked in a matter of minutes and I had found a condom and some lube under one of the cushions. I gave the condom to Brian and quickly prepared myself. He rolled the condom on and I lifted up and slowly impaled myself on him.

Once I was all the way down, I threw my head back and moaned. It had been too long since Brian had been inside me, and it felt so good. I wasn’t the only one who felt that way, apparently, because Brian let out a mighty groan and grabbed hold of my hips. He helped me move up and down once I had adjusted, and it didn’t take very long before the both of us were sweating and panting.

When we were done and were trying to catch our breath, I lifted my head to look at Brian from my place on his chest.

“What are you going to do about Michael and Lindsay?”

“I haven’t a fucking clue, but I can figure that out some other time.”

He held me a little tighter and I laid my head back down. When we were both breathing normally again, we got up and took a shower.

“Would you like to meet Tom and Nick?”

Brian POV

He looked at me and shrugged.

“Sure, when?”

“Now, we could go to Nick’s restaurant for dinner.”

“Are you asking me out on a date, Mr. Kinney?”

I was a little stunned at that, but then, I thought about it. I guess it could be construed as a date, so now, it was my turn to shrug.

“Sure, why not?”