The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in
which it is legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work. 
Reposting or any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of
the copyright holder, except may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access
archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

Please!  Give me your comments.
 
This is a repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance. 


MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 15

Learning From Mary

Something smooth and damp was rubbing my nose as I slept on my back.  I was in that
groggy, disoriented state when you first awaken from a deep, sound sleep, not knowing
where you are or how you got there.  When I tried to shake my head, I could not.
Something was on each side of it, trapping me.  My eyes popped open to see a hairless
pussy close up. As my eyes focused, they traveled up the smooth, tight muscles of a
female stomach past large, firm breasts with erect nipples to rest on a devilish grin below
bright blue eyes. 

"Good morning, sweetheart.  Are you ready to get up?" Andy said impishly.  She wiggled
backward, dragging her pussy from my mouth down my body, tantalizing me all the way
until it rested on my soft cock, where it gently rocked.  She kissed me hungrily, her
breasts caressing my chest. 

I smelled hot, fresh brewed coffee which is an addiction my father (Charles, not Bert)
gave to me many years ago at home, where we all started our day that way.  As Andy
helped me sit up,  Lisa knelt beside me.  "Good morning, Davy," she said, kissing me
before handing me the mug.  She licked her lips after tasting Andy on my mouth and her
eyes flicked to Andy, who winked at her.  

As I sipped the coffee, they both started talking at once.  Not nagging, talking in an
excited chatter about what we were going to do today.  Can we ski?  Can we shop?  That
sort of thing.  They were happy and delightful, like two morning song birds serenading
me.  

When Mary called us to breakfast,  I wrapped the mink rug around me like a king with his
royal robes before I lumbered into the breakfast room. The waffles were steaming hot, the
bacon crisp, the maple syrup thick and sweet.  I ate like a horse.  Sex and high altitude
both make me hungry.  Living in Aspen with three wild women made me ravenous. 

We were in Aspen to complete part of the assignment from Uncle Bert, which was to
seduce and fuck ten women.  Andy and Lisa were haranguing me, begging and cajoling
to let them go skiing.  I wanted them out of the way so I could address my assignment, so
I agreed to their great joy.  

Ski clothes, like all clothes for women, come in various kinds, styles and materials. What
Andy and Lisa wore were matching one piece jump suits in skin tight lyrca spandex
emphasizing their legs and asses. The jump suit front ended under the breasts and
straps from the front over the shoulders pushed the breasts in.  They looked like wet
dreams clomping towards the lifts.  Mary was leaning against me, her arm around my
waist.  I held Mary's hand as we walked back inside. 

"You know what my assignment is?"  I was standing in the kitchen, munching an apple
as she puttered.  

"Yes. Ten women, three ways, photographed or into B&D."

"Mary, do you think swapping qualifies as a way to seduce women?"  

"Of course." She gave me a slutty grin as she thrust one hip out.  "Going to use me as
trade bait?"

"Would you like that?"

"Whatever you want is fine with me, Davy.  You know that." 

"Is that programming or your free choice?"

She smiled softly.  "Both.  Before I met Bert, I would fuck anyone I wanted anytime I
wanted and I wanted a lot.  Bert controlled who I fucked, but let me enjoy a lot.  Funny
though. After I met him, I was happy fucking only him. Now, I am happy with you."

"How about Andy?"

"She is strongly programmed to be only for you.  I...."  She flinched, eyes wide and
startled, as if she had received a electrical shock.  She stood without speaking, staring at
me. 

"Conflict between programming and your will?"  She said nothing and her expression did
not change.  I was sure Uncle Bert had programmed her to not reveal some information
and to keep other information secret until some trigger point was achieved.  A good part
of my frustration was not knowing all I wanted to know. I decided to try a direct order. 

"I order you to answer my question completely."

Her eyes blinked rapidly and her body relaxed. She gave me a wan little smile. 

"Yes. I am in conflict."

"How?"

"Bert left me with free will. Some free will, anyway.  He programmed me over fifty times,
adjusting the relationships in my mind."  She put down the dish cloth, walked to me and
took my hands in hers.

"I am a mother, Andy's mother.  Bert wanted to take that away from me. He was afraid my
maternal instincts would override my programming.  I begged him to let me be Andy's
mother, to enjoy those special feelings a mother has for a daughter.  He told me he left
those feelings in me."

"Mary, I order you to always tell me what you, as her mother, believe best for Andy." 
Tears formed in her eyes, with one large drop escaping to run down her lovely cheek. 

"Thank you, Davy. I appreciate that more than you will ever know."  She raised up on tip
toes to gentle kiss me on the lips. 

"I would like to see her be only for you, Davy. That is what is best for her. Her
programming is too strong, particularly since it reinforces her own nature.  Having
someone else would devastate her even more than an unprogrammed woman."

"That makes sense.  I thought  Andy was programmed that way.  But, Mary, I am
surprised by the way you feel.  I never thought of you as a mother, I guess.  And, I am
surprised Uncle Bert programmed you the way he did.  Why did he leave you with these
incongruities?"

"I asked him to leave that one.  Others he left for his own purposes. When he found a
woman he wanted to program, he gave them the potion without them knowing it.  All but
me.  By accident, I found out he was programming women.  When I asked him if he had
programmed me, he told me he had not, but that he planned to do it.  I loved him, Davy.  I
gave him permission. I willingly let him program me, control me."  

"It is not programming then."

"Yes, it is.  Before, I would do anything he asked because I loved him and wanted to
please him.  It became programming when I drank the chemical. Now, I cannot change."  

"Was Andy's programming the same?"

"No.  She was programmed without her knowledge to belong to you only.  Well, to you
and Bert, but he is dead, so it is just you now."

"The others?"

"Very simply, actually. He would tell them they would be totally obedient, totally
uninhibited sexually and have an uncontrollable desire to please him. They were also
programmed to respond the same way to you.  And, their programming is designed so
the power to control them is transferrable to others, men and women."

"Interesting.  You mean I can tell one of these women she belongs to another man and
she was accept it?"

"Yes, if she has been programmed."

"How do I tell her?"

"I cannot reveal that now. It will be sometime later."

"Will you point out women to me that are programmed?"

"Yes."  She gave me a wicked grin and leaned against me. "Not one of them will fuck you
as well as I do, but, if you want variety . . . "  

"Oh, think you are the best?"

"Let me show you."

As we walked to the bedroom, my mind was reeling over what she had said.  We humans
are such complex creatures.  She confirmed the 3,000 kittens out there, who would
spread their legs on command, had received relatively simple instructions when they
were programmed.  But, Mary's programming was obviously quite complex. If nothing
else, the complexity revealed how much Uncle Bert really cared for her because it would
have been so much easier to have made her a robot. 

And, Mary. She readily gave up control of her own sexuality and destiny but fought to
maintain her identity as Andy's mother. Strong instincts indeed.  Only those of us who
are mothers, or will be mothers, can relate to Mary's turmoil.  That did not include me, but
if I could live as another human being for a day, I would want to be a mother, like Mary,
just to know how it really feels.  Now, that would be another chemical I would like to have. 

Without speaking, we undressed.  She lay back on the bed, extending her arm to me.
When my knee touched the bed, she spread her legs in invitation. Sex is always very
good with Mary. It was even better this time since I knew a good part of it was me and
her, not me and chemicals.  I let myself cum in her before falling asleep beside her. 

When Andy and Lisa came in from skiing, they stripped and crawled on the big bed with
us, crashing for a quick nap.  I heard Andy whisper in my ear before she lay down.  "I
love you, Davy."

About dark, rested and relaxed, the four of us headed out to explore the town.  

Aspen, always full of interesting people, was wild with people everywhere since this was
the height of the busy season. Normally, I have no trouble making new friends,
particularly in a resort where everyone is happy and enthusiastic. With three sexy women
in tow, I had to fight off the people who wanted to know me. 

As we bar-hopped, Andy disappeared, but, in a few minutes, I saw her coming with two
couples. I bought a round of drinks as we  visited.  

The girls were sorority sisters; the guys were their lucky, lucky boyfriends, lucky because
the girls were planning an orgy as part of pledge initiation. A video was required as part
of their ritual which fit nicely into my needs.  No, I will not name the school or the sorority.
I do not want to overload them with applicants. Anyway, I am sure this type of activity
occurs at more than one school and sorority. 

I cut a deal.   Lisa and Mary would participate in the orgy, Andy would run the video
equipment and I would pay for beer and food.  

We were going to an orgy. 

Mary took Lisa aside, carefully explaining what she expected of her, which, to no
surprise, was full, eager participation.  It was like telling a dog to hump a leg.  Lisa was
ready to go. I had been very surprised by Lisa.  Since she let go and surrendered to me,
she had no inhibitions whatsoever if she was responding to a command.  I felt sad about
all the time we wasted when we were younger and not fucking. Oh, well.  We would make
it up, maybe tonight. 

The sorority had rented an entire floor at a hostel. The big, party room had only two
couples in it when we arrived, but, quickly, people were flowing into the room.  I would
explain what happened to you, but what can I tell you that you do not already know. How
many "she arched her back as she came" do you want to read? 

It was almost funny to see the boys eager acquiescent to my taking their girlfriends in
exchange for Lisa and Mary.  I was almost detached in my coupling.  The most
interesting part was the different ways the girls orgasmed, how they felt and smelled and
talked under me.  Each was different, each delightful.  I was very grateful I had been
programmed not to ejaculate, else I would never have made it through the night. 

As soon as I had my quota of ten, I told my women we were leaving. Mary and Lisa were
both enjoying themselves, but were ready to leave.  Andy, of course, was always happy
complying with whatever I said.   When we got out into the cold, clean night air, I noticed
Mary was not with us. In a minute, here she came with a couple from the orgy. 

"Dave, this is Jarred and Julie," she said with a knowing leer.  "I have invited them to
come home with us." Sweet Mary.  Always looking out for my best (prurient) interests.

Jarred was about six four and a senior football player. Julie was eighteen and a
freshman.  She was only five feet tall with long, flaming red hair, huge green eyes and a
Barbie doll figure.  We all went to my house, grabbed some heavy snacks and drinks and
headed for the hot tub.  I needed to rest. Fucking ten women three ways is hard work. 
No! Really! Try it sometime!

We were all naked in the hot tub. As usual, Lisa was subdued, Mary sublime and Andy
warm and open.  Jarred could not keep his eyes off my women, but I was having trouble
keeping my eyes off Julie, who had a secretive smile on her sexy face and a magnificent
body. 

Mary brought up the subject of fantasies, enthralling us with a fantasy of having sex in a
glass elevator of a hotel. I knew that was not a fantasy since she told me she had done
that with Bert but it was a damn good story which made us all hotter. As Mary wove her
story of having sex with people glancing at the rising elevator, Julie stared at me. 

"What is your fantasy, Jarred?" Andy asked innocently.

"Two women at one time," he gasped out, staring at her breasts. 

"Mary?  Why don't you and Lisa take Jarred inside?" I said. They both grinned, standing
to pull Jarred to his feet.  I swear I heard him whimper.

After they left, I asked Julie her favorite fantasy.  She blushed but her eyes never left
mine. 

"I want to be raped."

"Raped? Are you nuts?"  Andy exclaimed.  "Sex is too good for that. Anyway, who wants
to be hurt. Women get killed or injured being raped."

"I don't want a true rape.  I mean I want to be taken while I struggle some, to be forced to
submit to a man, but he has to me a man of my choosing."

"Oh. Well, I understand that.  I always surrender to Davy.  Don't you surrender to
Jarred?"

"No. Jarred is too, oh, I don't know.  Jarred is too familiar, I guess.  Not really knowing the
man is part of it for me.  You know, the thrill of the unknown, the thrill of not being in
control."

"Sounds dangerous to me."

Throughout this conversation, Julie's eyes never left mine.  They were hot green lasers
boring into me.  I would have thought a cock that had fucked eleven woman that day
would know when enough is enough.  Mine was standing at attention, the idea of taking
this little doll making him eager in anticipation. 

"Do you want me to take you, Julie?"  She quivered but said nothing.

"Once I start, I do not stop."  Again, no response. Andy was watching us intently.

"Julie, if you wish to leave, do so before I count to ten.  After that, I will presume I have
your acquiescence and I will take you.  I will be in control then.  I will do what I want with
you without regard for what you want."  

She could have easily left.  Her eyes searched my face, flicked to Andy, and back to me. 
I counted to ten very slowly and she never moved.

To be continued  . . . 

Please! Give me your comments!

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com