Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Futa's Mind-Controlling Panties Chapter 4: Schoolgirl's Futa Eruption
Summary: The naughty schoolgirl gets a big surprise!
Keywords: hF Hh Fsolo HhF mc inc oral exhib voy

Copyright 2020

Note: Thanks to Alex for beta reading this!

Sasha Ford

I couldn't believe what was happening at the new neighbor's house. Mildred, the mousy woman who'd moved in yesterday, had somehow dominated the Quick family. With my new stealth drone, I had watched an incestuous orgy in the family's living room with Mildred at the center.

What I took to be a life-like dildo that was capable of ejaculating a simulated semen turned out to be a real cock. She was a woman with a pussy and a dick. That was so hot. It had me masturbating my seventeen-year-old pussy hard, my hand shoved down my pants and panties.

My eyes were glued to my phone's screen, watching the drone feed.

After her fun in the living room, she took Mrs. Quick as her own woman, giving Mr. Quick's eldest daughter, who was also my friend and sometimes pussy-licking buddy, to be his replacement. Further, Mildred made his sister-in-law into his fuck-slut. Then Mildred left with Mrs. Quick and the precious Chloe, the fourteen-year-old baby of the family.

Now Chloe had a cock. It grew the moment she put on the panties that Mildred had given her. I groaned, frigging my pussy while dying to know how this happened. Chloe held her new cock, her panties shoved down enough to expose her hairless balls that went with it. 

Mom, Mom, isn't my cock so sexy? the girl moaned.

Yes, I hissed. If I had a real dick, I wouldn't have to waste time with strap-ons.

It is, cooed Mrs. Quick, a busty, blonde MILF that I would love to fuck. 

This was all so hot. I had to get me one of those panties. I was certain there were a few other boxes in the closet that were identical to the one that Chloe's panties came from. That had to be the key to gaining my own cock.

I licked my lips in delight. Ideas burst in my mind. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chloe Quick

I had a cock.

A big throbbing girl-cock and a set of heavy balls. I cupped them. Squeezed them. Kneaded them. It made my futa-dick throb in my hand. I stroked up and down it, gasping as I massaged the sensitive crown.

Ooh, that's like playing with my clitty but better! I groaned. Oh, Mom, this is amazing.

I bet it is, Mom said. She filmed it all on her phone, recording this magical moment. 

Mildred stood behind my mom, stripping naked. The futa pulled off her conservative dresslike something an old woman would wear to churchand revealed her hot body. She was in her early thirties and looked so sexy. Round breasts and a big cock.

Like mine!

Her brown hair swayed about her hungry face. She stared at my cock in a way that made me feel like she wanted to pounce on me. I shuddered, more than willing to let Mildred pounce on me. I would do anything for her.

Did you soak your panties? she cooed.

Oh, boy, did I ever! I moaned. They're drenched in my pussy cream. I just gushed and gushed and gushed.

They're like mine, said Mildred. Mmm, anyone who smells your panties will want to do whatever you tell them. You'll mind-control them. Just like I did with you and your mother. Your entire family.

That's so hot! I glanced at Mom filming me. Isn't that hot! I'll be able to mind-control people.

Mmm, it is, honey, she said, the camera aimed suspiciously low.

Are you filming my cock, Mom? I asked in a sly voice.

Uh-huh. It's just so big.

Why don't you suck it!

Should I, Mildred? Mom asked as I slid my panties off. I dropped them on the bed beside me. They were all white with cute bands of lace that ran in lines down the rump. They were perfect for me. I would love wearing them.

I would share them with my friend Stacey. She was so sexy.

Suck your daughter's cock, Mildred moaned, stroking her own. You're her mother. Enjoy her first load of cum.

Yes, yes! I panted, my cunt so eager for this.

Mom staggered toward me. Her blonde hair swayed. She tossed her phone on the bed beside me. I snagged it up and saw that her screen hadn't locked. Yet. I tapped it to set the video recording again and held it in my hand.

My dick appeared on the screen, twitching and throbbing. Without me holding it, my cock pointed almost right at me, hovering an inch or so above my belly. Mom grabbed it. I shuddered at the incestuous touch of my mom's hand on my cock.

Then her head swooped into frame. Her blonde hair danced around the lens. It was so hot to watch. I smiled at the look of hunger in her eyes. She licked her lips. Then she opened her mouth wide. With a hungry swallow, she engulfed my cock. I groaned at the feel of her naughty lips sliding over my dick.

She sucked with hunger on it. My pussy clenched. It was so intense having my mom blowing me. I whimpered, shocked by how good it felt. My mom nursed on it, her blue eyes staring up my body with such hunger. My new girl-balls ached, filling up with my cum. And my pussy loved it. Every time she nursed, my cunny clenched.

I know, kitty-cat, cooed Mildred, it's amazing having your cock sucked. Just enjoy.

I nodded my head, this wild pleasure surging through me. I bit my lower lip and kept the phone aimed at my mom even as I bucked on the bed. My toes curled as the pleasure shot through my body. I whimpered, my heart hammering in my chest.

Mom bobbed her head. She worked her lips up and down my cock. The suction increased. I gasped, my futa-dick twitching in her mouth. I was going to have my first orgasm as a futa. I shuddered, a bright smile spreading on my lips. I held the phone steady.

Mom, I'm going to fire so much cum!

Mom cooed.

Then, to my delight, her other hand grabbed my balls. She massaged them with a gentle touch. It was incredible. My girl-testicles felt so sensitive. I shuddered at the strange tingles that burst from them and ran up to the tip of my cock and electrified my cunny.

Yes, yes, Mom!

Cum in her mouth, Mildred panted. Flood your mother with all that yummy spunk of yours!

Yes, Mildred! I gasped, surrendering to the pleasure of my mother's sucking mouth.

I came.

Don't swallow it all! Mildred moaned as my cum fired into Mom's mouth.

The ecstasy was incredible. I came as hard as I had when I donned the panties. Only instead of pussy juices squirting out of my cunny, cum fired out of my futa-dick. My body bucked, my little titties jiggling.

Mom gulped down my cum. She massaged my girl-balls, too. She kneaded them, working out the jizz. The pleasure shot through my body with each eruption. With it came the waves of delight from my spasming cunny. 

I experienced both delights.

So good! I cooed.

I know! Mildred moaned, watching.

I clutched the phone tight, filming my mom's cheeks bulging as she held the last spurts of my cum in her mouth. I shuddered, my body twitching through the last eruption. Then I panted, my first futa-orgasm past. 

It had been amazing.

Mom ripped her mouth off my cock. She knew what to do. Why Mildred had given her that order. I watched as Mom turned her head, grabbed the back of Mildred's head, and planted a hot kiss right on the sexy futa's lips.

They shared my cum.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mildred Dean

It was so delicious to kiss Mrs. Quick and share her daughter's first load of cum.

Our tongues passed that thick and salty jizz back and forth. The flavor melted through my mouth. The spunk slowly dissolved as we swapped it. My futa-dick throbbed, my girl-balls ached, and my pussy clenched with delight. 

I savored that I had my mind-controlling panties. My cock. I was so glad that I had them. That the mysterious P left those panties on my bed. I had no idea why. I was just told I would know who I had to give the four other pairs of panties to.

Chloe was perfect.

She filmed us swapping cum back and forth. I groaned and broke the kiss with the kitty-cat's mother. Mrs. Quick panted, her tits rising and falling in her blouse. Her face flushed. She fanned it then attacked the buttons of her blouse.

She wanted to get naked.

My eyes flicked to the girl. I shuddered and stretched out on the bed. I spread my legs, my pussy aching. I had taken my cherry years and years ago with a carrot. But I had never had the real thing. No man had ever been in me.

But a girl...

A fourteen-year-old cutie with a huge dick...

How would you like to fuck me hard, Chloe? I asked, my pussy clenching and futa-cock throbbing in excitement. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chloe Quick

Would I ever! I squealed, my futa-dick throbbing. Giving a blowjob was so incredible. Mom, mom, take the phone.

I have to send this to your father, Mom said. Have him show it to Bryana and Nadine.

But no one else, Mildred said, concern flashing across her face. Let's keep it in your family.

Yes, yes, I said. I bet Bryana will ride Daddy's cock as he watches and he'll cum in her so much. Just pump her full of all his jizz. Then Aunt Nadine can lick Bryana clean while Daddy fucks her up the butt.

Mildred smiled at me.

I scampered to her, Mom filming. My futa-dick and dainty girl-balls swaying. They rustled over my pussy lips, sometimes bumping into my clit. That was exciting. I couldn't wait to fuck into Mildred's pussy. I bet it would be so hot.

I grabbed her futa-dick in my left hand while my right guided my girl-cock to her pussy. I nudged into her hairless nuts then slid down to her brown bush that clung to her vulva. I groaned at the silky caress of them on my cock's crown.

Then I felt the hot folds of her pussy.

Ooh, I like that, I moaned, rubbing my shaft up and down her pussy. That feels super nice.

Mmm, it'll feel even better when you're in me, Mildred purred, her futa-dick twitching in my stroking hand.

I knew it would. I had to be in her. I couldn't wait any longer. My balls swayed and my cunny clenched. I felt the entrance to her pussy, her labia nuzzling around the crown of my dick. It was so sensitive.

I thrust.

Gasped.

Warm, hot, tight, silky heaven engulfed my dick. I quivered, my boobs jiggling. My hand squeezed about Mildred's cock as I pressed deeper and deeper into her pussy. I had to get every inch of me. Her flesh caressed me. Massaged me. 

Mildred! I moaned.

Don't squeeze so tight on my cock, she groaned, her twat clenching down on my dick.

Sorry! I gasped, relaxing my grip on her shaft. You just felt so amazing. All hot and warm and buttery smooth. I have to move. I have to fuck you. My dick's tip is just itching for more stimulation.

Then scratch your itch, she purred. And mine.

Yes!

I thrust into her. It was incredible to feel her pussy caressing my dick. That wonderful flesh slid around me. I groaned as I pulled back until just the tip was in her. My cock gleamed in her pussy juices. I rammed forward. I shuddered, savoring every inch that I penetrated her. Her cunt massaged me. Teased me. 

My balls smacked into her taint and brushed my clit. Sparks flared.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned as I drew back for my next plunge. Mildred!

I know, she cooed, smiling at me. Mmm, just enjoy that. Love every moment of it.

I nodded, doing just that. I was savoring her pussy being wrapped around my futa-cock as I pumped away at her. I stroked her girl-dick with my left hand while I did. I watched her round breasts jiggling from the impact of my thrusts.

Mom filmed us. She knelt on the bed, aiming the phone down to capture my futa-dick plowing into Mildred's juicy pussy. I glanced at mom, her blue eyes glassy with lust. My blonde hair danced about my shoulders as I beamed at her.

Enjoy her, honey.

I am, Mom! I gasped. It's so incredible. And my girl-balls are smacking back into my clit!

Every time I thrust into her, my nutsack hit Mildred's taint. The impact swung my balls back into my pussy lips. My clit burst with delight. I groaned, finding another reason to fuck her as hard as I could. The pleasure all mixed in my pussy. It was incredible.

My small titties jiggled with each thrust. I pumped away at Mildred's cunt, loving every thrust. Her pussy squeezed around me. It was so incredible to enjoy. My hair danced around my shoulders as I loved her. I whimpered, her twat silky heaven about me.

Such heaven.

Such aching delight.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned, thrusting with hard force into her pussy. Mildred!

You're going to make me cum with that dick, my fellow futa said. She beamed at me. Her cock throbbed in my stroking hand. Keep stirring up my pussy. You're going to be the first dick to ever cum in my cunt!

Wow! I gasped. And you're my first pussy I ever came in!

Such joy shot through me to share this with the amazing Mildred. I kept pumping, the pressure in my balls swelling. As they smacked her taint and then into my naughty bits, they grew hotter. My cum needed to escape. The ache at the tip of my futa-dick built and built.

That had me thrusting hard and fast. That was amazing. Such a treat. I whimpered and moaned, thrusting deep and hard into Mildred's cunt. I fisted her girl-cock with so much vigor. My forearm muscles burned.

So switched to my right hand.

Mildred! I moaned. I need to cum.

Don't hold back, kitty-cat! Let it fly!

Mmm, do it, Mom moaned, filming one-handed. The other rubbed at her pussy lips. She masturbated as she watched, her large tits jiggling.

Yes! I gasped and thrust forward.

The friction of sliding to the hilt in Mildred's cunt sent me over the edge. I gasped as I erupted. I couldn't hold back one bit. The pleasure rushed out of me. I gasped and groaned. Spurt after wonderful spurt of cum fired out of me.

My pussy clenched. Juices gushed out, bathing my girl-balls as they fired so much jizz into Mildred. I unloaded my futa-cum into her. My blonde hair danced around my shoulders while the dual-pleasure danced in my mind.

Kitty-cat! Mildred moaned as my hand fisted up her dick.

She erupted.

White cum fountained up in the air before me. Then it splattered across Mildred's round breasts. She gasped, her pussy spasming and writhing around my futa-dick now. I whimpered in delight. It was so incredible to feel. She milked me.

Mildred! I moaned, pumping my hand up and down her girl-dick, feeling the pulses of her cum ejaculating from her cock.

Yes, yes, kitty-cat! gasped Mildred, her pussy spasming so wonderfully around my futa-dick. You precious and adorable delight!

I beamed at her, so glad to experience this utter rapture. My futa-cock spurted a final time into her. Then I panted. I swayed from the rush of bliss that shot through me. My heart pounded so fast. The blood pumped hot through my veins.

Mildred's cock kept spurting a few more times after my orgasm had peaked. It left me panting. I shuddered, my hair swaying about my shoulder. I leaned over her, staring down into her eyes. This was the best thing in the world.

Mildred, thank you!

I leaned over her, pressing my small titties into her cum-splattered boobies. I kissed her with excitement, her futa-dick throbbing between our bodies. The hot cum smeared over us. Our tongues dueled.

I loved being a futa so much 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sasha Ford

Holy fucking shit! I moaned, my pussy clenching wildly around my digits as I came for the fourth or fifth time watching the sexy and naughty and impossible fun in Mildred's bedroom. That fucking cum shot!

Mildred's jizz had fired so high up into the air. I closed my eyes, picturing it as I hit the peak of my orgasm. I trembled, now fully naked on my bed. The air smelled of my sweet musk. I breathed it in as my body buzzed.

My pussy stopped convulsing around my fingers buried into my twat. I pulled them out, panting. My small breast rose and fell. My cream dripped from them, splattering my belly and tits before I shoved three of them into my mouth, sucking off my delicious juices.

That was the hottest thing in the world. Even if Chloe might have seen my drone. Their fucking was amazing. I had to get into that house. I had to steal one of those panties. I needed my own futa-cock. 

And my own panties that could mind-control people.

That sounded as impossible as woman magically growing a dick and a pair of balls, but I had seen Chloe do just that. And the way the Quicks were acting, obeying Mildred, suddenly made so much sense to me.

When would I get the chance, though? The panties were in her bedroom.

Oh, I'm sending this to your father right now, came from my phone. Mrs. Quick, naked now, was playing on her phone. She had filmed everything like I had.

I wanted her copy.

Perfect, cooed Mildred, breaking the kiss with Chloe. Then she rolled the girl onto her back, the older futa settling on the younger. Mildred rose up and slid her pussy off Chloe's girl-cock. That impossible shaft flopped out and smacked wet against her belly. Your turn to ride this cock.

I slid my fingers out of my mouth. It looked like I was getting another orgasm or two out of watching the fun.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chloe Quick

I shuddered as Mom straddled me. Only she faced away from me. I stared down her back to the curves of her plump rump. I shuddered as she held my futa-dick soaked in Mildred's pussy juices. She lowered her cunt to my dick.

The cunt that had birthed me and Bryana.

This was so wild. An incestuous shudder ran through me as Mom followed Mildred's directions. I groaned at the hot kiss of Mom's pussy lips onto the tip of my dick. She groaned, her blonde hair dancing over her shoulders.

Then she sank her twat down my cock.

I gasped in delight as her incestuous pussy engulfed inch after inch of my futa-dick. I shuddered, the bed creaking from the pleasure that rushed through me. It was incredible to experience. This wild rush that had me shuddering and whimpering. 

My mom's twat took more and more of me. Her ass lowered and lowered until it was resting on my belly. I gasped, all the way back in my mother's pussy. My dick throbbed in her. My toes curled. Mom groaned.

Oh, yes, you're in me, Chloe, she moaned. Oh, that's incredible.

And it's about to get even better for your daughter, Mildred said. She was kneeling between my spread-open legs.

Mildred kissed my mother. Their heads moved as they frenched. Mildred hugged my mother. Their tits must be pressed together right. Mom had such amazing tits, too. They were so big and soft. My dick twitched inside of her.

Something nuzzled into my pussy. I gasped as I realized it was Mildred's girl-dick. My pussy lips spread to swallow her cock the way Mom's had done to swallow mine. This thrill raced through me. As mom squirmed on my shaft, another dick filled me.

Two different sensations rippled through me.

Oh, my gosh! I gasped as my pussy stretched and stretched around Mildred's large girth. Mom! Mom! She's fucking me!

Mom's twat clenched about my futa-dick as she broke the kiss. Mmm, I know. Just enjoy. I love having your cock in me. It feels so right.

Uh-huh, I gasped as more and more of Mildred's cock slid into my cunt.

I shuddered on the bed, reveling in this utter delight. It was amazing. My heart hammered in my chest. I groaned, my twat squeezing around Mildred's cock. I felt the friction of being penetrated as well as the friction of having a pussy slide around my dick. Mom lifted her ass up, her cunt sliding up and up my cock.

Oh, my gosh, yes! I gasped.

It was incredible. I experienced the delights of having my cock buried in pussy and my pussy stuffed with cock.

My body trembled as Mildred pumped away at my twat. Her hands caressed my mother's back as she rode up and down my futa-dick. They both fucked me. They both made me feel like a million dollars.

My futa-cock throbbed in Mom's pussy. Her juicy twat slid up and down me, squeezing about me. My tip drank in the silky glide of her cunt. I whimpered and moaned, my little titties jiggling as I squirmed. Then Mildred's cock pumped in and out of my pussy. She reamed into me again and again. She gave me such delight. Such pleasure.

I would have such an amazing orgasm.

I whimpered and moaned. My eyes squeezed shut. My pussy clenched down on Mildred's girl-dick while Mom's twat gripped my futa-cock. I gasped. The two pleasures mixing and swirling. They heated up my balls. They grew tighter and tighter with a load of cum.

Mmm, do you love Mommy's pussy sliding up and down your futa-dick, kitty-cat? Mom gushed, breaking the kiss with Mildred.

So much! I moaned.

I bet you just adore your mother's pussy fucking you, panted Mildred. I know I love fucking your pussy, kitty-cat.

She's great! It's so naughty! I came from her pussy!

Yes! Mom gasped. Oh, Chloe, I want your cum firing into me so bad. That would be so hot to feel.

So hot, Mom! I moaned in complete agreement.

She worked faster and faster. Her butt-cheeks jiggled as she slammed down my cock, engulfing me. Mildred thrust faster, too. My orgasm was building and building so fast. Experiencing both the bliss of having a dick and a pussy were driving me wild.

Mom's butt-cheeks jiggled as she bottomed out on me. She threw back her head, gasping out in delight as her orgasm rippled through her. I gasped at the amazing sensation of her pussy spasming around my cock.

Sucking at my girl-dick.

Mom! I gasped, my entire body trembling as she sucked at my dick. The incestuous bliss of her hot flesh, the cunt that had birthed me, swept through my body. That's amazing!

Cum in me, honey! Mom gasped.

Flood your mother, kitty-cat! Mildred gasped, slamming her cock in and out of my own pussy.

It was all too much. My back arched. My little titties jiggled. The pleasure surged out of my balls. I gasped as I erupted. The bliss shot into my mind. This amazing rapture that swept through my flesh from my pussy.

I fired cum into my mother's twat. My incestuous seed pumped over and over into her writhing flesh. My cunt convulsed around Mildred's girl-dick. She slammed into me as my futa-balls emptied into my mother.

Oh, yes, yes! I gasped. Mom! Mildred! Oh, this is incredible! This is amazing!

I know! Mom groaned, her pussy milking my cock. She worked out all the jizz, draining me dry. Oh, honey, I love your cum in me!

Yes! Mildred gasped and then her futa-dick erupted.

Her balls, resting against my taint, pumped futa-cum into my snatch. My pussy writhed and spasmed around her flesh, welcoming her jizz into me over and over again. It was amazing. A delight that had me groaning and gasping. 

My pussy clenched and writhed, milking out every bit of her. I groaned there, my dual orgasms hitting their peak. Cumming with a futa-dick and a cunny was just the best. I panted, darkness washing around my vision.

And then my stomach rumbled.

Someone needs food, Mom giggled. Mmm, are we wearing you out?

Pizza! I moaned, half in a coma. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mildred Dean

The pizza guy left in a daze an hour later.

Chloe's panties had worked on him. He was more than willing to let us have the pizza for free as he stumbled off to his car. The girl was bouncing around, dressed in a borrowed robe that was too big for her. 

That came off as she rushed to us, her cute futa-dick flopping before her. She set the two boxes on my coffee table and we set down to feast on it. No sex, just savoring the greasy food. I devoured it, not realizing how many calories I'd burned.

I'd need to start stocking up on Gatorade. I would have to have so many electrolytes to replenish myself if I kept this up. Especially with Chloe. The girl was insatiable. She had fucked her mother and me both while we waited for the pizza, just thrusting her girl-cock in and out of my pussy.

Mrs. Quick's phone dinged. She snagged it up and smiled. Your father, aunt, and sister loved the video, Chloe.

Of course they did! Chloe proclaimed. I'm so sexy and cute. I bet Daddy pumped so much cum into Aunt Nadine and Bryana.

Well, he doesn't have the stamina of you futas, Mrs. Quick said, a smile on her lips. But he does know how to please a woman.

Mmm, and you know how to please a cock, Dianne, I purred.

She smiled at me before taking a bite of her pizza.

Soon, we had polished off the slices and washed the grease off our fingers. I turned to Chloe and arched an eyebrow at her. So, I want you to go find one woman or girl on this block, seduce her with your panties, fuck her brains out, and if you liked screwing her, bring her back over here. Can you do that?

Of course I can! she declared. Let me go get dressed! 

Yes, the little kitty-cat was insatiable. I needed to get more women around here to distract her or she would fuck my poor pussy raw. Not that I was complaining. And in the meantime, I had Mrs. Quick to play with. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chloe Quick

Dressedit had been hard to stuff my futa-cock into my skinny jeansI rushed downstairs. I found my mom sliding her boobs up and down Mildred's cock. I blinked at that. I had never seen anything like that in my life.

Women do that with their titties? I asked, staring with hunger at the sight.

Yeah, said Mildred. It's called a titty fuck.

I had no idea about this either, Mom said. She smiled at me as she worked her tits up and down Mildred's futa-dick. I'm learning so many new things today.

Me, too! 

Suddenly, I knew where I had to go. I had been planning to enjoy Sasha Ford since she was a dyke, but now I had to go for the woman with the biggest tits on the block. I shuddered as I stepped outside, a bright grin on my face.

I gazed across the street. Mrs. Solomon wasn't out sunbathing any longer, but that didn't stop me. I skipped along the street. Sasha Ford was hanging out on her porch. She was staring down at her phone. She held it like a controller and tapped it with her thumbs like she was playing a video game on it.

A shadow fell on me. I glanced up to see a drone with four propellers swirling above. It was black and looked cool.

Your drone, Sasha? I asked as I skipped across the road.

She looked up at me and nodded. Where you off to?

The Solomons. I gripped my wet panties in my hand. I got to ask her a question.

Cool, Sasha said, her eyes following me. I almost wanted to go to her, but she didn't have boobies big enough. Mrs. Solomon had those big, fake titties her husband had bought for her. Those were what I needed to play with. 

Nothing else would do.

I reached the sidewalk and then crossed the lawn. I hopped up the steps and reached the door. I pressed the doorbell, holding my panties tight in my hands. I wiggled back and forth, my heart racing with excitement.

Footsteps approached. I whimpered.

The door opened. I swelled up, ready to...

Oh, hi, Mr. Solomon, I said, deflating as I stared at the much older man. He had at least twenty years on his wife, his hair already graying.

You sound disappointed to see me, he said, a friendly smile on his face. Not here to brighten my day?

Sorry, I need to ask your wife a question, I said. Is she home?

Yeah, she's out back sipping wine and admiring the sunset. He arched an eyebrow. The game's on. We're winning.

Who's we? I asked. The Mariners?

Who else would be playing on a Tuesday? he asked me, giving me a strange look.

I shrugged. So, can I go and see her? I really have to ask her my question.

Sure, sure, he said, thrusting a thumb over his shoulder. Then he glanced at the TV. It's back on.

Enjoy the game, I said, skipping through the living room on my way to enjoy his wife, my futa-dick aching and throbbing.

I passed through his living room and into the kitchen. They had a bar in here with stools to sit on and all the stuff to mix drinks behind it. I glanced at the liqueur. It wasn't locked up like at home. Bryana would never have to sneak the key out of Dad's study again if she lived here. I raced past that to the back sliding door. It was open, though the screen door was closed. Through it, I could just see Mrs. Solomon's bare calves and lower thighs extended on a chaise lounge.

I threw open the screen door and hopped out, my blonde hair dancing behind me. I grinned at Mrs. Solomon as she turned to face me, a glass of red wine in hand. She arched eyebrows in surprise at me, her large breasts held in the knit-bikini top she wore.

Chloe Quick? What are yo

I tossed my wet panties right on her face.

She gasped and jolted, wine sloshing over her hand and spilling down her wrist. Why you little brat! You... She grabbed the panties on her face with her free hand and took a long inhale. You... She breathed in again, her entire body trembling. Oh, my, that's delicious. Is that your pussy, Chloe?

Yep! I said, excitement rippling through me. And you love how good I smell so much you're going to get naked and give me a titty fuck, aren't you?

Well, yes, she said, still rubbing my panties into her nose. Her eyes closed as she inhaled again. You smell just divine. I didn't know you had such a yummy smelling pussy. Mmm, this is perfect.

I'm so happy you think that! I said, smiling from ear to ear.

And I would love to give you a titty fuck, but don't you need a cock for that? she asked while setting her wine glass down on a table beside her.

Good thing I have one, I said and unfastened the fly of my skinny jeans. My zipper rasped from the tension of my cock wanting to escape. A moment later, it popped out and thrust out at her. Big and throbbing.

Oh, my god, she moaned, my panties falling from her face, leaving behind a few streaks of my cream on her nose and lips. That's huge. That's the biggest cock I've ever seen. Chloe, how did you hide that in those jeans.

Carefully, I admitted. Now, titty fuck! 

Yes! She licked her lips and rose from the chaise lounge, her big, fake titties heaving in her knit top. My, oh, my, that's just a marvelous cock you have there. Mmm, I could just fall to my knees and suck that dick into my mouth. Just worship it.

But first, the titty fuck, I said, wiggling out of my pants, my little boobies jigging in my top.

Of course, of course. 

As I stepped out of my jeans, my futa-dick bobbing and waving before me, she untied the sarong wrap she wore about her legs. It dropped free, revealing a pair of matching, knit-weave bikini bottoms. She peeled those off as if she knew what I really wanted to see and was teasing me.

How naughty of her!

I shuddered at the sight of her shaved pussy. She had thick lips, dark and juicy with her excitement. She stepped out of her bottoms and stood up, her big tits heaving. Her perm of brown hair danced in little curls about her face. She flicked her lips.

Then she peeled off her top.

I groaned as those two large tits sprang out. They weren't soft like my mother's, but so firm. They had a ripeness to them that had to come from the silicone implants. I groaned at how huge they were. Easily a cup size or two larger than Mom's. They were the biggest tits on any woman I knew. 

Mrs. Solomon's nipples thrust fat and dark-pink from her oval areolas. She sniffed my panties again as she stared down at my cock. I peeled off my top, exposing my little titties. I felt so inadequate before her. Then I remembered that I had a huge dick.

So! I said. Um, how do we do this?

How do you enjoy a titty fuck? she asked, amusement in her tone. Don't you know how this is done.

Of course I do. You put your tits around my cock and work them up and down.

Mmm, yes, she moaned. She knelt on the chaise lounge and cupped her breasts. She rubbed them together. So why don't you just come over here and slide your cock between my big boobies? Let me just love you.

Ooh, yes, Mrs. Solomon! I said, my excitement swirling. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sasha Ford

This was my chance. Mildred and Mrs. Quick were in a naughty sixty-nine in her living room. Chloe had Mrs. Solomon getting naked to get a titty fuck from the busty woman. I was certain that trophy wife next door was the reason my parents divorced.

Mrs. Solomon had gotten those tits wrapped around my dad's cock.

Not that I could blame the man; she was so fucking sexy. It just sucked that he lived an hour away now and I barely got to see him. I loved playing catch with him. If it wasn't my senior year, I would have chosen to live with him, but I didn't want to start at a new school.

I crossed the street, my heart beating so fast. I wanted to get my hands on one of those panties. I knew Mildred's house. It used to be the Glassner's residence. I had babysat their daughter, Elizabeth a few times.

So I knew just how to open the gate to slip into the backyard. I moved along the house, glancing at my phone. I could still see Mrs. Quick and Mildred in their sixty-nine. They were sucking and licking and enjoying each other. My stomach rippled in excitement as I padded up to the sliding glass door at the back of the house.

It was locked, but if you jiggled it just right... 

CLICK!

I smiled and slid it open as silently as I could. It was time to get my hands on those panties. My heart raced as I crept through the house. The moans of passion drifted from the living room, muffled gasps and sloppy sucking.

They just needed to stay busy for a few minutes.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chloe Quick

Plunging my cock into Mrs. Solomon's fake boobies was sooooooo different from sliding into a mouth or a pussy. The titties were firm and soft. They weren't nearly as wet, but my precum did coat the tip of my dick, so that helped.

But they also felt amazing.

They squeezed around me, the silicone perfection gripping me. Her skin felt so silky smooth. I smiled in delight as I slid through her flesh. My cock slid all the way through and then popped out the top, rubbing along her breastbone.

Oh, yes! I gasped, my pussy clenching. 

Mmm, now fuck them! she moaned. 

I grinned and did just that. I pumped my hips away, driving my cock in and out of her tits like it were a pussy. An artificial sheath that engulfed my cock over and over again. She stared up at me, her brown eyes smoldering. She had such a gorgeous and naughty look on her face.

I shuddered, pussy cream soaking my blonde bush. My balls swayed as I rammed my big girl-dick in and out of the canyon made by her big, fake boobies. The pleasure spilled down my shaft to my cunt. My spongy crown loved it.

That's it, Mrs. Solomon cooed. Ooh, yes, yes, you're going to cum, aren't you? Just fire all that jizz onto my face.

That's right! I cheered. You're a whore, so you should love that.

I've never been called that to my face, she moaned, but if you say I am, then I must be.

Yep! I moaned then gasped as she squeezed her tits even tighter about my cock. My big titty whore!

Yes, she moaned, her fingers digging into the sides of her round breasts.

I gasped at the increased friction. I pumped away faster and harder, loving the way the pleasure built and built in my pussy. My swinging balls drank in the heat, too. They smacked back into my clit, teasing me.

I was going to fire so much cum onto her. I would drench her. It would be incredible. I wanted to just erupt all over her face. I would give her so much delight. My feet shifted on the cement patio as I thrust over and over into her titty flesh.

Mmm, you are just so cute, Chloe! she moaned, her hands now shifting her boobies, working them up and down my thrusting cock. How did you get this?

Mildred Dean! The new woman who moved in across the street from you. She's a futa, too! 

How exciting, she moaned, working those titties up and down my cock. Ooh, to think such delights exist.

I know! I gasped, the pleasure building and building. I was getting so close to erupting. My heart pounded in my chest. Hot blood surged through me. I'm going to take you over there dripping in cum and with your boobies out because I can!

Yes! Mrs. Solomon agreed, her brown hair spilling over her face. That sounds like so much fun, Chloe!

Her head ducked down. As my cock thrust up through the valley of her titties, her tongue met my crown. I gasped as she brushed it. She licked right across it. My pussy clenched at this amazing rush of pleasure that shot through me. I groaned, my balls brimming with delight.

I erupted with my jizz.

My futa-cum fired out of my cock and splashed across her gorgeous face. The trophy wife opened her mouth wide. I shook, my little titties jiggling as I erupted over and over again. White spunk fired into her mouth and splashed on her lips. Back-scattering sprays landed on her breasts and splattered my stomach.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned. Mrs. Solomon!

My pussy convulsed, adding those delicious waves of sloshing bliss to the eruptions of euphoria firing from my cock. She squeezed her tits around my dick, working her tits up and down my shaft. The pleasure was so wonderful. So amazing. It was just a beautiful thing to experience. 

I swayed there, gasping and moaning. My eyes fluttered at the rapture that brimmed through me. Cum dripped down her cheeks and chin. The spunk fell on her big boobies squeezing about my cock. A final spurt of spunk jolted out and splattered on her left boob. The jizz ran over her curves.

Oh, Mrs. Solomon! I groaned.

Mmm, that was so good. Just delicious futa-cum! She smiled up at me. That's what you call it?

Yep! I panted. Ooh, let's go.

I snagged up my panties and whirled around. I was so ready to march back to Mildred's house. I wasn't going to put on my pants, either. I would go naked. That was so hot and fun to do. Why wear clothes? They were so boring.

I had magic panties! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sasha Ford

I winced at every step I made. Every creak of the runners beneath my feet. I bit my lips as I climbed higher and higher. The moans grew louder in the living room for a moment, then faded as I climbed higher up the stairs. My breathing came so fast now. I was almost hyperventilating.

My body felt like it would shake apart. I was so terrified. I reached the top and crept down the carpet. I couldn't make any noise. 

I knew where her bedroom was. I passed empty rooms, a dark bathroom, and then I reached it. The musty smell of sex filled the room. Rumpled sheets covered the bed matted in stains. Some were crusted with silver streaks. I ignored them and headed for the closet. I carefully pulled the louvered panels apart. They slid on tracks in the floor, both sides folding in half.

Three boxes rested inside, each one with a purple ribbon tying it shut. I trembled, wondering which one I should take. Did it matter? My hand reached out for the nearest one. My heart beat faster. My blood howled through my veins.

I held it balanced on my left forearm and ripped at the ribbon with my right. I tore the lid off, tossing it into the closet, and then rustled at the wrapping paper. I uncovered a pair of flannel boy shorts made of stretchy cotton. 

I loved girls who wore

ng to fuck you so hard.

I whirled my head around. Voices came up the stairs. I could see the staircase through the open door. I cursed and did the only thing I could do: I flung myself into the closet, clutching the boy shorts in my right hand. I pulled the louvered doors shut.

Just pound that MILF pussy hard, Mildred said. God, I love fucking your married cunt. I hope one of us knocked you up. I might send you back to your husband with a futa's baby in your belly.

Oh, that would be so wonderful, said Mrs. Quick. I'm young enough I can teach her about sex when she's old enough.

I tensed as they entered the room. I was trapped. Fuck.

To be continued...
