"One rose petal for every day we've known each other," he whispered into my ear. There were petals all around me, I was in a sea of red, and was in the middle of all the passion that was represented by each crimson piece. He leaned in to kiss me, his face lit up by the flickering candlelight. I felt his warmth against me as our lips touched softly, and lit ablaze the passion between us.
Okay, maybe I should start from the beginning. My name is Jennifer, and my husband's name is Christopher, which is the name that I like to call him by. Everyone else calls him Chris, but I always loved his full name so much better. My husband and I had been dating for about five years, until we finally got married tonight. Our wedding was very beautiful, lilacs and yellow roses everywhere. Everything was perfect and now was the time that Christopher and I finally got to spend our special night together. We had made love before, even had some pretty wild sex, but tonight was special. Tonight we would share our real passion.
The honeymoon suite was amazing, and he had been there earlier that day, preparing everything for tonight. He had over 2,000 rose petals around the room, and easily a hundred lavender candles (our favorite) lit. We were ready to spend a wonderful night alone, and the room really set the mood.
"Some champagne for my darling wife?" he asked playfully, holding up a bottle of champagne.
"You know I don't like champagne, Christopher," I replied, just as playful.
"I know. I just needed a reason to call you my wife," he said, setting down the bottle and wrapping his arms around the small of my back.
"Well, that was very sweet of you, husband of mine," I responded, giving him a short kiss. I broke away from him and said, "But for now I'm going to take a shower and get all this heavy clothing off of me. It's getting stuffy with this huge dress on." We laughed.
"Okay my dear. I await your return." He smiled at me and I stepped into the bathroom, along with my bag of things I'd need in the shower. I made sure that I brought the shampoo he loved to smell on me (strawberry), along with the conditioner. He loved my red hair, and he said that the strawberry scent made it all the more attractive. I stepped in the shower with everything I needed after I had taken my dress off and made sure it was hung somewhere where it would keep dry. I made sure to wash my skin very carefully, so that my skin would be silky for him after my shower. After my almost-too-long shower, I stepped out and dried off slightly, but planned to let my hair remain dripping. He loved to make love to me when my body was still wet and warm from a nice hot shower.
I stepped into the bedroom with just a towel wrapped around me. He was sitting up against the wall, watching TV. Such a typical guy. I slightly laughed to myself as I stood there and watched him until he noticed me standing in the doorway.
"Wow," he said as he got up and walked over towards me. "You look absolutely gorgeous, baby."
"Oh stop sucking up. You know you're getting sex anyway," I said to him, again playful.
"Oh I know. I just didn't know it was going to be with such an amazing woman. With such an amazing wife."
"You can't get over calling me your wife, can you Christopher?"
"Nope. I can't," he said with an innocent grin. We laughed and hugged each other. Before we pulled away from the hug, I heard him take in a big whiff of my hair. "Mmm, you used the strawberry shampoo again, didn't you?"
"Mm, hmm," I replied, pulling away from the hug.
"You're just too sexy tonight," he said as he pulled me into a kiss. Our lips wrapped around each others' as I melted into his arms. Finally, we were married. Finally, we could love each other eternally.
Our kiss was slow and gentle, and I felt his hands massage my lower back as he held me close to him. His mouth was so amazing, his kisses alone drove me wild, and drove me to want him even more. I lifted my arms around his neck and pulled him closer to me still, our bodies pressing firmly together. I could feel his clothes getting wet from my still dripping body. The towel on me was getting loose as we kept moving our bodies around, even the slightest movement tugged at it. When he noticed it was about to fall, he grabbed the two ends and tucked them back in between my breasts, tying it tightly around me. He was in no rush, and neither was I.
"Come on, hun, let's get into a more comfortable position, shall we?" he asked. I smiled and nodded.
He led us over to the bed and let me lie down before he leaned down on top of me. Well, beside me actually. We kissed once more as we felt the heat rising between us. His hand ran through my dripping wet hair and rested on my cheek, running down my jawbone to my chin. He broke the amazing kiss we were sharing and licked my lips.
"Hang on one second," he said as he got up. I watched him stand up and take off his tie. He placed it over my eyes and tied it behind my head. "I have a little surprise for you. Lie on your back for me please baby while I go get what I need."
A surprise? I loved surprises. And he knew how much I loved to be blindfolded. This night was starting out brilliantly. I rolled over onto my back, adjusting my towel as I heard him rummage around for something. He soon returned and said, "Now, I'm going to take this towel off of you, okay?" I nodded.
I felt his hand touch the gathered up ends of the towel between my breasts. He gently tugged on them and the towel came loose. My nipples almost instantly hardened when the cool air of the hotel room hit my bare breasts. I heard him take in a breath between his teeth and say "Mmm, you look absolutely delicious. I could just eat you up," he said as I felt him move onto the bed. "Now don't move, this is probably going to be slightly cold." I nodded.
Something was being poured onto my body. It was indeed cold, very cold actually. I couldn't imagine what it could have been, but Christopher kept pouring it onto me. He poured it onto my stomach, my breasts, my face, my legs…almost everywhere over my body. The scent of the liquid being poured onto me finally reached my nostrils: it was chocolate. Since it was liquid, it had to have been chocolate syrup.
"Mmm," I moaned when I imagined his tongue all over me, licking all of the syrup up. He leaned over and set down the container that the syrup had been in on the bedside table. He was straddling me, with both legs on either side of me. His hand moved down onto my face, gathering some chocolate onto his finger and he made sure I could hear him licking it off of his finger. When he lowered his hand again, he touched my breast this time, just above my nipple. This time he brought his syrup-covered finger up to my mouth and let me have a taste of it. I made a small sound in my throat, indicating to him that I already loved this.
He leaned himself over me and kissed my lips before he touched any other part of my body. I felt his tongue on my cheeks, licking up the sticky syrup. Then I felt him move down further to my shoulders. Once everything above my breasts was clean, he moved down onto my stomach, teasing me.
"Mmm, no," I said to him, grabbing his hair and trying to pull up on his head.
"C'mon hun, wait a little bit. Let your anticipation build up," he said as he licked the tip of my nipple.
"Mmmmm," I moaned. I pushed my chest up and tried to get him to do it again, but he didn't touch my breasts again, he simply moved down onto my stomach once more. I felt his tongue devour my body, licking up all of the chocolate syrup he could get. My body was already beginning to respond to his wonderful tongue. My anticipation was well built up by now, and I felt like I was going to erupt if he even touched any of the sexual parts of my body.
"Mmm, you're so delicious, baby. I might just have to put some strawberry on you next," he said as he started to lick my thighs. I spread my legs for him, making him smell the musky scent of my sex.
"Oh god no, please Christopher, don't make me wait any longer," I pleaded.
"Patience, my dear. I'm in no hurry."
"I'm not either, but oh my god baby you're making me so wet, I need your cock so bad…" I faded into almost a silent whisper when his tongue ran slowly up my inner thigh. I became silent as he gently worked his way up to my pussy. I could feel his hot breath on my lips and on my exposed clit when he roamed close enough, but he never touched me.
"Looks like I missed a spot," he said and flicked his tongue on my clit once, fast. I knew there had been no chocolate there.
It was very hard for me not to move my hands towards my breasts or my pussy as he tortured me. My open sex was dripping with my juices and I needed Christopher so badly to touch me there. Just as I started to feel that I couldn't take it anymore, I felt him shift upwards to my breasts. This time he did touch me. He took his hands and spread the chocolate all over my breasts, and let a great deal gather around my nipples. He lowered himself and flicked his tongue on the tip of my nipple.
"Oh god…" I said as I almost came on the spot. I grasped his hair tightly in my hand in ecstasy. He lifted his hand and gently pinched my nipple on my other breast as he softly bit down on the one he was already licking. I bit my bottom lip as I felt waves of pleasure shoot through me. He started to lick up the chocolate, switching sides every few seconds or so, and it seemed to take him hours to get the rest of it off of me and pay attention to my nipples again. He hadn't yet touched my pussy and I needed his touch so badly.
He bit my nipple as he pinched my other one and I arched my back up towards his head and hand, telling him I was in complete ecstasy. I moaned aloud for him as he continued to play with my nipples, again switching sides with his mouth and warm tongue. I felt him reach his other hand down towards my pussy.
He lifted his head up from my chest for a few seconds to say, "Shall I touch you here baby?"
"Oh yes, please," I responded.
"Beg for it," he replied.
"Oh please Christopher, please finger my pussy, touch me, make love to me with your fingers, please I need your touch Christopher…" I faded off into a moan.
"There you go," he said as he leaned down to kiss my lips as he lowered his hand down onto my pussy. He flicked his finger on my clit three times and then pressed two fingers into my opening. I came instantly around his fingers. I wasn't expecting it, but I think he was. The waves shot through me like a bolt of electricity, causing my whole body to tense up and quiver. He pushed his fingers in deeper and curled them to massage my g-spot.
"No, I think I shall wait for this," he said as he broke the kiss and pulled his fingers out of my still contracting pussy.
"No, more please," I pleaded up to him.
"No, I think that you can wait, hun," he said with what I knew was his special little teasing grin. I lifted my hands up to find his shoulders and I pulled him in close to me. I kissed him and then pulled away. I pulled his head into the pillow, so my mouth could be beside his ear.
"My turn," I cooed into his ear. He let me sit up and untie the blindfold. I was still a little shaky from my explosive orgasm, and I took time to gather my bearings. The candlelight was even bright to me, having been in total blackness for near half an hour now. I blinked until I got adjusted to the new lighting, then my focus was back on Christopher. I looked into his beautiful brown eyes that looked golden in the candlelight. His face had a ring of light around it, and he couldn't have looked more like an angel had he been a real one. He was so gorgeous. I smiled at him as I leaned up to kiss him.
"Stand up, please dear. We have to undress you first," I said to him. He lifted himself off of me and I lifted myself up also.
"Wait a moment baby," he said to me. He stepped into the bathroom and returned with a warm cloth. "We have to get the rest of this off of you," he said so innocently. He rubbed the cloth all over my body and got the rest of the syrup off. When he touched my thighs with the washcloth, I had to spread my legs for him to reach it all. I felt so sensuous after that first orgasm of the night, and every motion of the cloth made me shiver with pleasure. I knew it was hard for him not to touch my pussy again, with my legs so voluntarily spread open for his touch. He stood back up and took the cloth back into the bathroom. He walked back towards me and stood in front of me, wrapping his arms around the small of my back. We kissed again, but I pulled away shortly after.
His tie already undone, I started to take off his button up shirt. I took my time with each button, pretending to have trouble with every one of them. When I undid a new button, I would spread his shirt open and kiss his chest or stomach where the button had been. When all of the buttons were undone, I pulled his shirt out of his pants and reached up to his shoulders to pull his sleeves off of his arms. I tossed his shirt to the floor. With his chest now exposed, I lowered myself to my knees to undo his belt and pants. I slowly pulled his belt off and then looked up at him as I undid his pants. Soon they were on the floor along with his shirt. Now that only his boxers remained, I could very well see the bulge in his boxers. I pretended to "accidentally" brush my fingertips on his cloth-covered cock when my hands made their way up to the hem of his boxers. I gently tugged them off and watched his cock spring free from his boxers. He stepped out of them and I stood in front of him, both of us now completely exposed to each other.
"Get on the bed sweetie, make yourself comfortable," I told him. He smiled at me and crawled onto the bed. His cock was protruding from his body as he situated himself onto the bedspread. I took a step towards the bed and stepped on some rose petals. This gave me an idea. I bend down and picked one up and then moved onto the end of the bed. I situated myself on my right hand and my knees, the rose petal in between my index and middle finger of my left hand. I looked down at him as he looked up at me, our eyes meeting in a passionate gaze. I brushed the petal on the tip of his head, so lightly that he could barely feel it. I moved the petal up and down the sides of his shaft. I wasn't sure if he could really feel it or was just imagining the touch, but every time I brushed it against his head, he moaned aloud. His eyes were closed; he was enjoying the soft touches the rose petal inflicted upon his sensitive organ. Enveloped in his intense pleasure, he hardly noticed my tongue brushing against his hard shaft. I was so lightly touching him that he probably still thought it was the petal.
I let a little bit more of my tongue run up and down his cock, and he noticed it this time. Even though I wanted him to enjoy the depths of my throat, I didn't want to send him over the edge just yet. Thinking this, I lifted my body up after one last flick of my tongue. I brought my lips to his and kissed him softly and lovingly. I half pulled him, he half pushed me into a position that I was on my back and he was on top of me. I felt his cock rub against my stomach and I moaned.
"Make love to me Christopher," I said to him. He smiled at me and leaned down to kiss me. I felt his hand move down towards my pussy, my legs already spread wide. He slowly inserted a finger into my pussy. Bit by bit I felt it easily slide into my dripping sex, until it was all the way inside. He slowly pulled it out, taking at least a whole ten seconds to expel it from my opening. He gently pushed it back inside me again and held it there for a few seconds before he slowly pulled it back out. His slow and steady rhythm had me now in a trance; I was anticipating each movement and this made me more aroused than I was already. He never did pick up his pace, but after we broke our kiss close to five minutes after we had started it, he pulled his finger completely out of me and inserted two inside me. I felt his fingers generously stretch my tight opening as they made their way into my warm pussy.
His rhythm was slower than the first, but he soon sped up to his old rhythm. His fingers ever so slowly explored my most intimate depths as we shared a passionate stare. Every so often he would curl his fingers and brush against my g-spot, and I would close my eyes and softly moan. When he felt that I was ready, he moved his fingers out of my pussy and seductively licked up my juices off of his digits.
He adjusted his body until the soft head of his cock was lined up with my opening. He gently pushed his hips forward and I felt his cock head begin to stretch my opening. I moaned as he kept slowly pushing his hips more towards me and pushed his cock deeper into my pussy. His hands were on my shoulders, not holding me down, nor holding him up, they were just kind of his resting place. My hands were on his shoulders as well, and each time he went a little too hard, I gently dug my nails into his shoulders, and he stopped for a few seconds to let me adjust. It wasn't even my first time, but we hadn't had sex in over six months; we wanted to be able to fully enjoy this experience.
Once his cock was all the way inside me, he leaned down to kiss me again. Our kiss lasted more than a few minutes, and he was so still that it was almost painful when he broke the kiss and slowly started to pull his cock out of me. When he was completely out of my pussy except for his head, he gently pushed back in again. Another slow, steady rhythm he developed, and it wasn't too long before I was enjoying it immensely. In and out, out and in his cock gently rocked inside me. Each time his cock went all the way inside me, he leaned down to give me a quick peck on my lips. I gradually started to move my hips with his, meeting his steady strokes halfway, which made his cock push into me harder than before. It seemed like his cock now went deeper with every stroke, and I now felt my second orgasm begin to build up. The friction in my pussy wasn't enough to fuel my fire, however.
"Let's go a little faster dear," I whispered to Christopher.
"Yes, let's," he replied. I felt his speed gradually begin to increase and now I felt the true friction I needed. His cock was brushing against my g-spot with each plunge into my pussy, which made me moan almost constantly. I wrapped my legs tightly around him as I tried to get as much of him inside me as I could. My nails were gently digging into his shoulders again, but this time it was out of extreme pleasure. My orgasm was coming close to the surface now, even though we weren't going half the speed I usually needed. I knew he was feeling the same way as well, judging by his facial expressions.
Just a very few seconds before I was going to cum around his cock, he completely stopped. He waited there for a few minutes, and I knew what he was doing. He wanted it to last a long time for both of us, and I did as well, so I didn't object. He was soon after, however, moving in the same pace as he was before. I was moaning loudly again as I felt him pick up even more speed.
"Let's take this even further," Christopher said to me. He pulled his cock out from my dripping pussy and he lifted my ankles to his shoulders.
"Oh god Christopher, you know how fast I cum in this position," I said to him, not sure if I was pleading against it or for it.
"Yes, I know," he replied. He pressed his cock into my pussy again, and it slid very easily all the way in in one stroke. He leaned very far forward, my toes almost touching the top of the pillow that my head was resting on.
"Oh god…..mmmmmm" I moaned. I had to hold my orgasm inside me to keep from cumming right then and there. Christopher moved out and then pushed quickly back inside my wet pussy. My mouth was wide open as if I was either going to say something or scream, but no sound emitted from my throat. My eyes were clasped shut and I found breathing almost impossible. I can't even describe the amazing pleasure I was experiencing. He pushed into me two more times and I couldn't hold back my orgasm any longer. Electric jolts surged through my body, every single muscle clenched tightly. My pussy grasped his cock so tight that he came almost in the same second as I did. When I felt his hot cum inside my pussy, I came again. My orgasm lasted longer than three minutes, and I was on the edge of unconsciousness by the time it had dissipated.  
My whole body trembled for a lot longer than five whole minutes after he had already pulled out of my pussy. With each touch he inflicted upon my body, a whole new wave shot through me. When I finally found my breath, Christopher was already lying down beside me and stroking my face with his fingertip.
"Oh, Christopher, I love you so much," I said to him.
"I love you too, Jennifer," he replied. He kissed my forehead and we snuggled up to each other and fell into the first sleep we shared as husband and wife.