I still can't believe how it all happened so fast and yet there is no denying it I am now a cuckold.  On Wednesday, when I got home from work I found my wife going through my porn files.  I guess in my hurry I didn't shut all my tabs and when she went on it was the first thing she found.  Let me be clear, my Veronica had run our marriage and my life since we had been together but as for sex, we were very vanilla with some sex and a lot of my doing oral on her.  All of my porn consisted of dominant wife scenes including anything from bathroom slave to cuckolding and even chastity.  It was not that I wanted to do all these scenes but the more porn you look at the kinkier it has to be or it's boring.

I confessed to my wife that I masturbated as I viewed these sites and at that very time, Veronica was looking at a site on chastity.
"Well Howard, I guess if we got one of these it would stop you from playing with yourself."
She seemed to think about it for a while and then instructed me to come home from work Thursday with a cock cage or not come home at all.  She took me to our bedroom where I was instructed to please her with my tongue and not to touch myself as I did it.  

The next day I came home with a device call a CB2000 and Veronica ordered me to undress so she could install it.  I had a raging hardon and we could not fit the cage so she grabbed my penis and drug me into the bathroom, where I was told to jack off in the toilet.  She leaned against the tub reading the instructions for my cage ignoring me as I played with myself.  From there we went to our bedroom where she had me stand before her as she sat on our bed.  She installed my cage with little problems and then took both keys and put them in her pocket.  She then pulled up her dress and ordered me to lick her through her panties.  I dropped to my knees and put my face between her legs I noticed her panties were already damp and I realized she was as turned on as I.  After I had pleased her, I spent the rest of the night waiting on her, such as fixing her dinner, cleaning up after and I gave her foot rubs as she watched TV.

Friday she came home late and I could see by all the packages she was carrying that she had been shopping.  The first thing she showed me was a box from an expensive jewelry store, she opened it to show me a gold chain, and on it were the keys to my cage.  She told me to fasten it around her neck telling me she wanted the world to know that my manhood now belonged to her.  Next, she announced she was going out that evening and rushed to the bathroom to get ready.  When she came out, she was in a new dress with a plunging neckline showing off my keys dangling in her cleavage.  As she walked out the door, she told me not to wait up and off she went.

Was she going out on a date surly she wouldn't do that, she was just trying to tease me.  As it got later and later, I finally did go to bed but I knew I would never go to sleep.  Somehow, I must have drifted off for I awoke to see Veronica standing there dressed only in her panties.  She climbed up on the bed and sat on my face.  Her panties were sopping wet and I knew it had to be cum.  She was drunk and laughing as she rubbed herself all over my face, then she pulled them to the side and sat on my mouth.  It was my first taste of cum and she was full of it.  It was gelatinous and rather salty but when mixed with the taste of my wife was at least interesting, not too bad.  When she was finished with me, she crawled off and went to sleep with her legs and arms still wrapped around me.

I lay there as the cum I had swallowed was now stuck in my throat to thick to get down.  I wished I could drink some water or something to get it down but I couldn't get out from under my sleeping wife without waking her.  Now the taste was close to revolting and I could neither swallow it nor throw it up.  The spunk dried on my face, drawing my pours together and it felt very uncomfortable.

In the morning when she got up she chuckled at all the cum dried on my face.  She pulled her panties off and tossed them on my face,
"Rinse these out for me will you hon?"
Then she went off to shower, leaving the mess in our bed for me to clean up.  


    
