It's not a singing competition.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Egyptian Idol Part 1 (MF, inc, magic, mc, oral, impreg)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Mrs. Iris Moore opened the front door of her lavish home to find a strange small statue sitting on her entryway table. Frowning as she put down her purse, she noted that the object seemed to be an old black and gold idol of a woman with cow horns and some sort of round disc between them. Figuring that her husband had left it there for her to find, she picked it up to examine it more closely, but as she touched it, she felt a strange but pleasurable warmth rise up her arms. When it reached her chest she gasped as the nipples of her D-cup breasts became very hard. As the warmth spread downward, she felt an odd twinge off to the side of her lower midsection. A moment later, she could feel her vagina throbbing with need. Then the warmth rose up past her neck and the brown-haired mother found it very hard to concentrate on anything but the overwhelming need for cock. She had never felt like this in all of her 40 years!

"Oh God..." she moaned as she placed the statue back onto the table. "What's happening?" She reached up to caress her breasts, which somehow felt even bigger all of a sudden.

"God is correct, or *a* god, anyway...that would be the blessing of Hathor, Mrs. Moore," a man's accented voice called out from the shadows of her living room. The fear she should have felt upon discovering an intruder in her home was overshadowed by the joy of knowing a man was near who could fulfill her needs!

"W--who...?" she managed to get out. She wanted to rush this man, to tear his clothes off without even seeing what he looked like...but she was married! She stayed where she was, though she shook from the effort.

He stepped into the entryway, Middle Eastern, about her age, with dark skin and a bald head. He was pretty nondescript otherwise, with his medium build and height and dressed in a gray suit. Still, she wanted him! She closed her eyes and took deep breaths.

"My name is unimportant, Mrs. Moore, but you can call me Armin." He looked thoughtful. "Yes, I think Armin suits me. Come with me to your bedroom."

"Ohhyess..." she moaned and followed him up the ornate stairwell. She knew what happened in bedrooms!

"Remove your clothing and lay on the bed," he commanded her, and she quickly followed his instructions. First her knee-length skirt, then her soaked underwear fell to the floor. She tilted her hips in a seductive pose as Armin sat in a chair in a corner of the room to watch, his dark eyes filling her with both dread and anticipation as he steepled his fingers.

Iris shrugged her suit jacket off and fumbled with the buttons of her blouse. As she became frustrated at her lack of progress, she finally ripped two of them off. She reached back and unfastened her bra, which then sprang free from its nearly failed duty to keep her somehow larger breasts in check. She moaned at the instant feeling of relief.

"Magnificent," Armin commented, and her already rosy cheeks got a little redder at the compliment.

She climbed onto the bed on her hands and knees, doing her best to entice him to join her, her husband long forgotten. All that mattered was this man's cock inside her! "Are you going to...?" She couldn't say it.

"Fuck you? No."

She heard a moan of frustrated despair before realizing that it had come from her own mouth. "But...why?"

He leaned forward in his chair. "Alas, I am useless to you. I was a serial rapist in my country, and when they caught me they removed that which makes me a man." He looked wistfully down at his lap.

"But...but..." she whimpered. Her body felt like it was going to explode without relief!

The man put a finger to his ear. Iris hadn't noticed the small device there. "Ah, your savior has arrived, just on time." He pulled out and unfolded a small tablet. "Shall we watch?" He placed the small screen on the table next to him so she could see as well.

It showed her house's entryway! She was about to say something about privacy when the door on the video feed opened. Iris had fully expected her husband to walk in, but it was her son, Ricky -- no, she remembered, he preferred Rick now that he was 20 years old and in college.

"Ssh..." the man put a finger to his lips as Rick noticed the statuette and went to pick it up.

Iris wanted to scream out for Rick to run, but could only watch as her handsome son, looking so much like his father at that age, looked confused as Hathor's blessing rushed through his strapping, soccer-honed body.

The man folded up the tablet and tucked it away. "I have no penis, Mrs. Moore, but you know who does. I'm sure your son will...assist you." Then he slipped out of her room, heading further down the hallway and away from the stairs.

"Mom?"

Iris heard her son call out from downstairs. She couldn't...she shouldn't...
She thought about using her phone to call 911, but she had left her purse downstairs! She moaned in frustration.

"Mom?"

He was closer now, coming up the stairs toward the bedrooms. Her mind thought about her fit son and the bulge that she sometimes saw between his legs in those tight jeans he wore. Not that she had been trying to look! Her pussy gave her an affirming throb at the memory.

Then he was outside of her bedroom looking in. "Mom? Oh wow."

She looked at him in horror and yearning, her eyes dropping to his crotch. She could see his member was straining at the denim. She wondered how big it was.

He stepped into the bedroom. "Why're you naked, Mom?" She could feel his eyes roaming her curvaceous body with insistent hunger. "Um, there was this weird statue thing, and now I..." He pointed to his crotch, but her eyes had never left it.

"Come here, honey...I'll help." Had she said that? It sounded like her voice. All that mattered was that hunk of man meat was approaching her naked form.

Rick unfastened his jeans and pulled them down along with his underwear. Iris took in a quick breath. Her boy was at least 7 inches long, and thick!

"It's never been this big before, Mom...it aches. What's going on?"

"Bring it...closer..."

He stepped forward to the edge of the bed and she engulfed half of his large member with her mouth. "Oh Mom..." he moaned in pleasure. Not wanting to just stand there as his mother fellated him, he pulled off his t-shirt and awkwardly kicked his jeans away while his eyes roamed his mother's voluptuous form. She was furiously sucking and using one hand near the base to try to get him off, but while it felt good, it wasn't helping him get anywhere close to cumming.

Iris sucked and jacked at her son's cock. If she made him cum then she wouldn't have to do what her throbbing pussy was screaming at her to do, but no matter how hard she tried, he wasn't reaching completion! She could somehow sense that this wasn't going to work. There was only one way to help him... She pulled off of his cock and looked up at his handsome face.

"I know what to do, Mom," he said, and got up on the bed behind her.

Iris was frozen, her mind whirling. He couldn't...she shouldn't! Then Rick grabbed her rounded thighs and pulled her butt back to meet his crotch. Within seconds she felt his impossibly hard member slipping into her tropical insides. "Nooo--uuuhhhhhhh...!"

"Noah? Wrong pantheon," Armin commented as he slipped back into the room, this time holding the statuette. As Rick buried his length inside the vagina that birthed him, the dark-skinned man sat back down on the chair and plopped the idol in his lap, making it almost look like the figurine was a replacement for his missing penis.

"Who's...this...Mom?" Rick asked as he thrust into his mother. He'd had sex before, but it had never felt like this, almost overwhelming in its pleasure. There was no way that he was going to stop, not even because of this stranger.

"Don't...know...he...brought...that...here..." Iris moaned between thrusts. Her own husband had never made her feel like this. Having her son's hard penis inside her made her feel somehow complete in a way that she'd never experienced before. She blinked...had she seen the idol's eyes glitter?

The man leaned forward. "Hathor has her gaze upon you, Mrs. Moore. Did you perhaps feel an elastic sensation when you touched her, just below and to the side of your bellybutton?" At her blink, he continued, "You did! That was your ovary releasing an egg; divinely forced ovulation."

"Uhh...wrong...day..." she moaned. She felt Rick reach around to grasp her swollen breasts and gasped at how sensitive they were.

"Such is Hathor's power," the man told her. "She is the Egyptian goddess of fertility and pleasure. Your body has been magically filled with hormones and is now quite ready to get, as you Americans call it, 'knocked up'."

"Noo..." she moaned. Rick's fingers had found her hard nipples and were lightly squeezing them. If he kept that up...

The man continued, "Even if you are on birth control, hormonal or otherwise, you will find that it will have inexplicably failed. That is her gift to you, Mrs. Moore."

"Uhh...Mom..." Rick's breathing had become erratic, his thrusts frenetic.

"Noo...Rick, honey, you have to pull out..."

"Hathor's gift to your son is more straightforward. Male hormones to increase not only his libido, both also semen and sperm production. Oh, here we are..."

Iris couldn't move as she felt her son's cock swelling inside her. Her gaze was locked on the idol's, and her eyes widened as she saw the little jeweled eyes start to glow. "No..."

"Unhh!" Rick grunted as he shoved his cock deep inside his mother's incredibly fertile depths and let his orgasm loose.

"...ooohhhhaAAAAAAA!!!" Iris screamed as she felt her son's hot, sperm-filled cum blast her unprotected insides. This set off her own orgasm, and she reflexively pushed her butt back in order to get his spewing cock as close to her spasming cervix as she could. She could feel the pressure of the tip of that dangerous, incestuous prong as it ground insistently at the entrance to the womb that had birthed him twenty years prior. "Huuhhh!! AAHHHH!" she continued to scream in pleasure.

The man fidgeted as the eyes of Hathor's idol glowed brightly in his lap. "I can almost feel it when it happens," he murmured in his native language.

"UNHH! Oh Mom!" Rick pulled back and slammed his length into his mother again, and then again, her hot, fertile insides urging another burst of seed from his testicles, and then another.

"Uhhhbuhhh..." she moaned as her face flopped to the mattress. With what Armin had said, there was no way that she wouldn't get pregnant from this overwhelming insemination. As complete as she had felt earlier when her son had been fucking her, that was nothing compared to how she felt now. This was destiny, the will of the gods that she carry her own son's child.

Then Rick pulled out and flipped her over, a lusty grimace on his face. She noted that his cock was still hard before he leapt upon her with a sexy growl. In an instant, his length was slipping up inside her again and the oedipal dance continued.

"I'll be back," the man said as he got up and headed out of the room. "Yes, I know, my goddess," he said to the idol as he carried it back downstairs. "You aren't happy with my touch, but I cannot change what they did to my manhood. Now that you are charged back up, I will leave you here for the others, yes? We are not done yet."

Outside, Bob Moore waited for his 18-year-old daughter Penny to close the passenger door of his Audi before he locked it up with a chirp that echoed back and forth along the dark street. As he followed her up the walkway to his sumptuous house, he was reminded of how much the brunette girl looked like her mother had at her age, her fit but curvy form sashaying sexily in her half-top and yoga pants. He had to shake his head a little at his perviness, not realizing that he was already being affected by the erotically-charged aura of the idol on the other side of his front door.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)