Siena
by elgemowtf

Siena Ch. 01: Directing

Siena has a problem and Derek has an idea.

I was walking with Siena, talking about basically nothing when she blurted out, "I have a problem with a guy I am seeing."

Her normal bubbly self was a little subdued. I looked over to her, searching for a facial expression, but she looked off in the distance away from me.

"What's up?" I asked, possibilities already running through my mind.

"Um, hmm, well, I met this guy. He is a geek, Like for real," she said. The flow of the conversation was bit slower, like she was picking her words.

"Oh that's awesome, Siena," I said. "You have been looking for a nerd. Sounds like a good match. So what's the problem?"

"Well, we have seen each other four times now. The first time, we just went out to dinner. The second time, we went for a walk in the woods. The last couple of times, we went to my place."

I raised my eyebrows at her. "Oh, so, is there a problem in the sack? Is that it?"

She laughed. "I like how you just cut to the chase and know me so well." She paused. "No, that's the thing. It's not that he's bad at all." One more hesitation, and she dropped on me, "I have not even kissed him." She said it almost in a whisper.

I stopped. She walked a couple of paces before stopping too. I stared at her, mouth agape. "He hasn't kissed you?" I asked.

She shook her head.

I was stunned. "Well, why the fuck not?"

"And now you understand my problem," Siena said. "I keep giving him the clear signals. Touch his arm, stroke his hand, lean into him when I sit next to him, but he hasn't so much as touched me unless I initiate."

"Hmmm, that is a problem," I say. "But, you have never been shy about that. Just kiss him, rip off his clothes, and climb on top. I don't think he's going to turn you down."

Siena sighed. "I am in control so much of my day. I have work responsibilities and mom responsibilities. I just don't want to have to be in control on this. I want him to sneak into my bed, hold me down, and fuck the shit out of me."

It is the nature of our friendship that these words did not shock me. I did chuckle a bit.

We walked in silence for awhile, just enjoying the outside and each other's company. I snuck a look at her ass as she did and shook my head. "What kind of idiot passes up the opportunity to tap that?," I thought.

Nearing the end of our walk, I started to develop a plan. I mulled it over in my mind, thinking over the details. After fleshing it out a bit, I said to Siena, "Let's go around the block again, I think I have an idea for you."

She glanced up at me and gave me a smile. "Ya?"

"So, what if I...", I started, and then outlined my thoughts to her. We ended up needing to circle the block twice just to convey the details.

"What do you think?" I asked.

"I love it," she said. "When do we do this?"

I laughed at how eager she was. "I am free this Friday night. Can you set it up for then?"

"I think so," she said.

I stopped and hugged her. "This changes nothing between us, ok?"

She looked kind of offended, "Of course!"

"Good, then I will see you Friday."

"What should I wear?" she said.

"Hmmm... wear that dress that you like that shows off your ass. But, unlike how you normally roll, throw on some panties and a bra. We are going to need those."

Chuckling, she shook her head. "Ok."

"Later, hideous face."

"Later, nerd with no game."

*****

Friday night came and I texted Siena, "Everything all set?"

"Yep. Come over at 8."

I waited the three years in between, which was actually just two hours. I was buzzed into the outside door and walked into her apartment without knocking. She was hugging me almost before I was through the door, which was not unusual. Her flowery dress hugged her in all the right places, and I saw that she had a lacy bra from my vantage point. She caught me looking and grinned. I was always so obvious.

A tall thin man stood up from a kitchen chair. He just looked at us with a slightly puzzled expression. An awkward silence was broken by Siena saying, "Derek, this is Richard, Richard this is Derek, my friend."

I shook Richards's hand firmly. "Nice to meet you," I said, noticing how his handshake was tentative.

There was a sofa in the living room that sat three, a love seat that sat two, and a recliner. I purposely picked the three seat sofa and sat dead in the middle. Siena sat down directly across from me on the love seat. Richard looked at the couch, at the loveseat, at the recliner, and made the only logical choice. He sat beside Siena.

"So, what are you guys up to tonight," I asked.

I could almost read Richard's mind as he looked over at me. "Who is this guy? Why is he here? When will he leave?" were my guesses.

Siena glanced at him and said, "Um, not too much. Maybe watch a movie. Just hang out."

We just started to chat about stuff. Nothing very deep or personal. Richard kept looking back and forth at us, wondering, undoubtably, how long I would hang out. I almost felt sorry for him. After awhile, he just sort of sat back and looked zoned out.

I gave Siena a slight nod. She nodded back.

"So, Richard, how long have you been seeing Siena?"

Richard did a sort of double take. It took him a couple of seconds to answer. "Um, this is like our fifth date. I think our first one was about a month ago." He looked over at her, but she did not have a comment.

"Oh, wow," I said. "She is a good girl. And a great kisser."

Richard's mouth just fell open. "Umm".

Siena giggled. It was such a cute sound.

I smiled, "Hey, no worries Richard, Siena and I are just kissing flirty friends. I am happily married."

Richard seemed relieved, so I had to throw out there, "Not that I wouldn't fuck the crap out of her if I could."

"Derek!" Siena exclaimed, laughing. Richard's mouth was open, clearly wondering how serious I was and if he should be doing something about the statement.

I chuckled, "Just keeping it real."

Richard laughed awkwardly, clearly not knowing if I were joking or not. He cleared his throat. "Um, I wouldn't know if she was a good kisser, we haven't kissed yet."

I gaped at him. I tried to recall my shock at hearing this exact thing when Siena told me so that my reaction was real. "Say what..?"

Everyone kind of froze. Richard had his eyes cast downward. I winked at Siena and she hid a smile behind her hand.

"Dude, man, what's up with that?," I asked.

Richard was making eye contact with plants, lamps, furniture... everything except for me. "I dunno," he mumbled.

I let the silence linger for a minute. "Maybe I can help," I said softly, almost too low to hear. Richard's ear perked, like he wasn't sure that I said what I said and didn't know how to react.

I shook my head. "Alexa!", I paused. "Please set the lights to dim and play R&B music. Volume 2". The lights came down and soft music began playing.

"So, Richard. Let's fix that, ok. Just lean over and give Siena a kiss." I said it with a moderate volume voice, but an edge of command to it.

His face turned red, he coughed, and he sought her eyes for confirmation. She just gazed back and waited, letting him come to her. He was poised, frozen in that moment.

"Go ahead, man." I assured him.

He leaned towards her, she turned her face so he had a clear lane. And he gave the barest peck on her lips before retreating back to his spot.

"Ok, ok, Richard, that's a start, I guess. But, really press your lips against hers. And count in your head to three." Again, I said it in a normal tone, but one that expected to be obeyed.

He went in for the kiss, but this time his lips pressed into hers and stayed. I could see Siena's chest rise and fall in response.

"Great, Richard, great!", I cheered as he broke the kiss. He blushed, but looked pleased.

"What do you think, Siena?" I asked

"That was good," she breathed, but with just the tiny bit of hesitation.

"See that Richard, Siena liked it. Did you hear just that little bit of uncertainty, though? Siena needs just a little more. So, this time when you kiss her, press your tongue into her mouth. Start out gentle, but get it moving. Let's see how it goes."

His face showed how uncertain he was. I had him off balance and he did not know how to react, how to figure out what was happening. I saw him shrug just the tiniest amount and then kiss Siena for the third time. But, now I could see his tongue active and in her mouth. Again, her body responded. I could tell that it was a bit all over the place, though.

"Hold on a sec, Richard," I said, moving across the room to be next to Siena on her other side. He disengaged, a starry look on his face. I guess he was enjoying this, which was good.

"You can't just jam your tongue into her mouth. You need to work it. Think about how you are trying to tease it forward, then build momentum, and then think about simulating oral sex. It is in all in the mind. Here, let me show you." I reached down and lifted Siena's chin, bending to reach her lips. My tongue darted out, and then I slowly, steadily pushed my tongue in and out of her mouth. I trapped her lip between mine, then pulled her to me using the back of her head. We stayed like that for almost a full minute and you could almost feel the tension in the air. When I broke the kiss, she gasped, a little breathless.

I crossed the room again, sitting down. Siena sat with a far away smile on her face. Richard seemed like he was trying to decide if he should be mad or whatever, so before he could decide that, I said, "Do you see? Now you give it a try. As you get into it, press in, use your hand to gently pull her. Think seductive thoughts."

Richard paused, "What is going on here?," he said out loud.

Siena pulled his head over and said, "Richard, it's ok, just go with it."

Another hesitation, a little shrug, and he was following my instructions. This time Siena lay back just a little and I could see her nipples through her shirt, trying to poke someone in the eye. They were getting into it, both of them, and I saw her taking turns driving into his mouth.

"Great," I said, "now stroke her hair, moving it away from her neck. As you make out, take an opportunity to kiss her neck. You can even use your tongue on it a little."

Richard stroked Siena's golden hair and broke their kiss long enough to kiss her neck. You could hear Siena moan just a little. "See, Richard, she likes that." Emboldened, Richard kissed more of her neck. Siena closed her eyes and leaned back even more. Her dress rode up to mid thigh, and I imagined she was getting quite aroused. Watching, I had to adjust my hard cock in my shorts. The mood music and lighting helped to maintain the spell.

"OK, man, have that hand stroking her hair touch her down her back. Use it to draw her closer as you kiss her again. Start to explore her body a little." It seemed some of Richard's hesitation was falling away as his hand started to move even before I stopped talking. This was going fabulously.

They made out in front of me, both of their hands roaming a bit more. Sometimes he would kiss her neck and sometimes he would kiss her lips. I let them work on their own for a couple and they broke off naturally. I think, honestly, they briefly forgot I was here.

The action was getting good when I asked, "Does anyone want a drink?".

Richard stood up, moving awkwardly. I could tell he was trying to hide his erection and was amused. I also rose and made no effort to hide how incredibly hard I was. Siena smirked.

"Sure," Siena said.

I grabbed a couple of beers in the fridge and passed them out. We drank and chatted for a bit, Richard still running his hands down Siena's back and her leaning on him. It was cute.

"Let's continue, Richard. Start by kissing her, running your hands through her hair and onto her shoulder. And, naturally as you can, slide your hand down her front until you are covering her breast through her shirt."

We were crossing a line here. What was before innocent was definitely drifting into the not so innocent category. We were all feeling a bit loose and buzzing from the drinks, but he looked a bit taken aback.

"Um, is that okay, Siena?" Richard asked.

She nodded and they started kissing. Richard got through the preamble, with the hand moving toward her breast, but hesitating to move it on. She kissed him enthusiastically, urging him. Finally, he covered her right breast, and she moaned into his mouth. I could feel a renewed stirring in my pants.

"Now, massage her breast through her shirt while you kiss her, slow at first," I said.

Richard hesitated again, seeking confirmation from me, and then at her, "Is that...," he began.

I interrupted him. "Hey, Siena, come with me in the other room for a sec."

Almost like she was waking up from a sleep, she blinked her eyes, stretched, and stood up. Still a bit confused, she following me into her bedroom and I closed the door, but kept it open just a crack.

Keeping my voice low, but not too low, I said, "So, how's it going today, Siena?"

Her confusion was written on her face. "Um, I am doing good. What's going on, Derek?"

"Has work been good? Things still super busy?" I asked.

The expression on her face was priceless. "Dude, what the heck?"

"Just another couple of seconds," I said, turning my watch towards me. "I think we're good now..."

"Ok, sounds good," I said a bit louder, opening the door and extending my arm for her to proceed me. She was moving back out when she stopped.

"Hey, you kissed me," she whispered.

I whispered back. "Ya, I did. Do you have a problem with that?"

She thought about it and shrugged. "I guess not."

"Great!", Derek said with a mischievous grin. "You can trust me,"

"Oh sure," she chuckled, "I do, Derek, with however this goes." We stopped whispering and went back into the living room. She sat down, a bemused grin on her face.

I sat across from them again and caught her eye. I winked at her and she visibly relaxed.

"So, Richard, Siena and I talked in the other room. She let me know what is ok for her to do, what's she's comfortable with, and most importantly, what's her line where she won't go," I peaked over at her, she mouthed, "We did?" and she was silently laughing to herself. I quickly looked away to avoid losing it.

"Anything I ask you to do from here, she is ok with." I studiously kept my eyes on Richard and did NOT glance over there. I could just see her sides heaving and I was barely holding it together.

Richard nodded.

I took a deep breath, calming myself. Siena got it together too. We both avoided each other's gaze as much as we could.

"Where were we? Oh yes, you were feeling her up through her shirt..."

This time Richard went almost immediately from kissing Siena to feeling her breast. I actually was a bit proud of him. There was kissing noises and little moans as she clearly enjoyed what he was doing. I watched as they progressed, and Richard moved his hand to her other breast and started to kneed that one through her shirt.

"Awesome, Richard. It is always a good idea to pay attention to both breasts and to vary it up so that you don't get stuck in monotony." I saw a smile from Siena and Richard continued what he was doing.

"OK, this is good. But, if you are kissing a girl like you are, Richard," I paused as he came up for air. "When it is going well, and you are feeling her up, and she's into it... you can go for unbuckling her bra. This is good way to get things moving to the next level."

I saw a momentary flash of anxiety when I mentioned "next level", so I plowed forward. "Reach behind her back and find her bra clasps. Siena's dress is a boon to you, because the scoop is low enough that you can see them."

Richard reached around, peering over Siena's shoulder to see the straps. He pulled on the bra straps, but they stubbornly stuck together.

"This is a common problem, Richard, especially the first time. The secret to unfastening a bra is to push the two sides together. Each bra generally has multiple hooks, so you want to think about pushing the loop away from the clasp."

I watched as Richard struggled. I could see Siena kinda losing patience.

I walked over and stood beside them again. I reached down and found his hands on her bra. "Push these together," I said, and he did. "Now, hold this one and angle this one towards her back, not away, see how the hook is." I saw that he did. And suddenly, it was unfastened. I quickly reached down and unfastened the second one for him one-handed. He was awed by it, and I smirked as I came back to my seat.

"Watch this trick, Richard." I said, nodding to Siena. "Siena, take your bra off."

Siena reached to her chest and pulled her bra straight out. Then, she pulled one strap down her arm. Richard watched fascinated at the process. Then she did the same with the other strap, and pulled the whole thing through the arm hole. "Tada!" she said and wiggled. You could see her braless breasts move in the dress, and I couldn't help laughing.

"Wow, that is a great trick," Richard said. I agreed.

"When you feel her now, Richard, there will only be one layer of clothing between you and her bare breast. She will feel it so much more intimately, so make sure to squeeze her nipples gently while you do."

I sat back and watched him follow my direction. "This is awesome," I thought. I reached down in my pants and readjusted my erection so that it was pointed towards my belly. It was starting to be uncomfortable. Glancing up, I made eye contact with Siena, who's expression plainly said that she had caught me adjusting myself. I shrugged and she grinned.

"There is a lot of room in that plunging neckline, Richard. I bet you can get your hand inside and feel your first bare female breast."

Richard started to indigently say, "This is not my first..." and then stopped. He knew, she knew, everyone knew, and we were all cool with it, so he didn't bother. Instead, he slipped his hand into her shirt and tentatively touched it.

"Don't be timid, Richard. That is your territory now. Kiss it, feel it, suck it, but don't be afraid. Forge ahead!"

His touch became more insistent, and the kissing kicked up a notch. Siena was moaning now between ever third breath or so. Her legs were scissoring open and closed too, and I could see just a flash of panties in the low light.

"Take that strap down, Richard, and pop it out. I assure you, it's gorgeous," I urged.

The strap of Siena's dress descended with maddening slowness. It almost seemed that her breast appeared in super slo-mo. Richard and I both swallowed at the same exact time. His hand on her breast molded it, pulling her nipple out towards me. The action was fricken hot and I surreptitiously unsnapped my shorts, giving myself more room.

"Alexa, dim the lights, set to pink," I said. Alexa, being the good bot, adjusted the lighting.

I watched as Richard cupped Siena's bare breast and kissed her neck. Her breathing was definitely increased. "Richard, you know you want to, so why don't you take that breast into your mouth and suck her nipple."

Siena opened her eyes and stared at me as Richard took her breast in his mouth and sucked on her nipple. I maintained eye contact as I said, "Lick from the bottom of her breast up around her nipple and then trap her nipple and draw it out." I could see the arousal in her eyes, and they rolled up in her head as he did what I asked. She again sought me out and glanced meaningfully down at her lower body, opening and closing her legs. I nodded and held up a finger, letting her know we were getting there.

She opened her legs again and left them open. I stared and she stared at me staring and wow, I think I grew like two inches. I had to unzip to give myself even more room, and I could feel me poking out. Judging by how her eyes got wide, she noticed.

"What do you want to do next, Richard? What is your instinct?" I asked. I thought immediately that it was the wrong question. He froze up.

"It's ok, we are friends here," I coaxed.

Richard sighed and I could see him twitch as if to touch Siena below the waist.

"That's right, Richard. You have the right instincts. It's time to put your hand on her knee and run it up her thigh. See how her legs are open? She's inviting you in," I said.

Her legs closed briefly and her cheeks pinked. But, they immediately reopened. The mouth kissing her nipple may have helped. I think she was also getting into showing off.

I leaned forward, watching as his hand made contact with her knee. Continuing to kiss her breast and suck her nipple, his hand crept upward on her thigh. Siena spread her legs even more, closing her eyes, her breasts heaving now. I marveled at the perky perfectness of them. They were on the smallish side, but the cute little barbell piercings were just sexy as hell.

Richard moved his hand all way to the junction between her legs. His hand rested against her panties and I could tell he did not know where to go from here.

I came over and put my knee down just in front of them. If Siena opened her eyes, she would think I was proposing. I smiled at the thought. "She is wearing panties, so your next steps are to use those to your advantage. Use the edge of the hand to massage her through them," I said. Siena glanced down at me, momentarily surprised how close I was. And then she closed her eyes again. I had a nearly perfect view of the action below her dress.

"Use the tip of your fingers to find her slit," I waited as he poked around a bit, and then settled directly in the middle, clearly making contact. "OK, that's good. Now stroke up and down so that you understand where it begins and ends," I said. I watched as he moved his finger down towards her ass and then back up again to the top of her pubic mound. "Now, stop about right there," I instructed.

He did and Siena started to thrust ever so slightly upward with her pelvis, pressing his finger tighter to her. "See how she is pressing to you? It's because you are close to making contact with her clit. Dig your finger in a bit, her panties will yield. You should feel a little nub. Be gentle at first, but it likes to be rubbed." My vantagepoint was perfect for viewing his fingers dent Siena's panties. The action pushed them inside, creating a perfect outline of her sex, which I admired from close up.

"That's it," I said. "You are doing great. Combine that with sucking her other breast." I instructed. He pushed the other strap of her dress down so that both breasts were in view. Still wiggling his fingers, he pulled her nipple with his tongue. Siena gave a sharp hiss and her pelvis thrust into his fingers. Her open eyes found mind and were wild with arousal. My cock throbbed in response. I started to rub her foot while I watched, and I swear I heard her purr.

"You can tell that her panties are making her crazy right now," I said. "She wants the touch of your skin against her skin, and they are in the way. The rough fabric has its own erotic appeal, but she craves more. I am going to bet she is soaked, Richard," I whispered, not wanting to break the spell. "Pull aside her panties and touch her."

Slowly, agonizingly slowly, Richard found the leg hole of Siena's underwear and pulled it to the side. I was treated to the sight of her completely bare, swollen, and soaked pussy. I swear I could see some of her juices leaking out. "Damn, that is hot," I thought. His fingers dived in and he started to sort of mash her pussy.

"Slow, slow, Richard," his fingers slowed down. "Now, use that finger to trace her. Split her lips and feel the wetness. Bring that wetness up to her clit and circle it. Then work your way downward into her hole. I suspect she will be quite receptive."

I could see him doing it, my view partially obstructed by his hand and not ideal from the lighting, but I was never so hard in my entire life as I was right then. And glancing over at Richard, I suspect he was in the same boat. His pants were tented in a rather obvious way.

"Take her hand and move it to your cock, Richard," I suggested. He used the hand not fingering her to take her hand and put it directly on his erection. I could see it jump in his pants and almost broke out in laughter. Siena needed no instruction: she quickly started to outline him through his pants.

"Why don't you unzip yourself? That has to be uncomfortable." He seemed almost sheepish. It took some moments, but he unzipped and pulled his pants down in the process, releasing his cock. From where I knelt, it was a decent size. I think Siena would be pleased. A second later her hand was on it, and she did indeed look happy.

Although Richard was doing much better with his finger work, I could still see a bit of clumsiness. "Take her panties off," I said, "it will help make this less awkward. In fact, let me."

I reached up and grabbed both ends of her panties. Her eyes found me and asked the question, but she lifted her ass off the couch anyway. I slid them off her, stopping when I reached her feet. I turned the act into a full blown foot massage for her, and again I swore I heard a purr. My foot massage also had the side benefit of a perfectly unobstructed view up her dress. She spread her legs, partly so that Richard could get back to what he was doing, and partly to show off, I am sure.

"Go on now, get in there." His stunned expression quickly faded as he again cupped her sex. I could also see her stroking him. I watched them play with each other, sitting back and unzipping myself all the way. I rubbed my bare skin and marvelled how well this was going.

They were enjoying touching each other, both clearly getting more excited. I marveled at being so close to the action.

"I think it's time to go to the bedroom," I announced. "Just leave your clothes here."

They both looked at each other. Siena stood up, reached down to her dress, and simply peeled it over her head, striking a pose in all her naked glory. I gave her two thumbs up and a crazy smile. Richard was a bit more hesitant, but his obviously throbbing erection was out anyway, so he just tossed his shirt aside, pulled off the rest of his clothes, and moved towards her room. When I followed, he again showed nervousness, but I just kept the ball rolling.

"Lay her down at the edge of the bed, Richard, legs hanging off," I said, not letting the moment pass. He moved her to the end and pushed, knocking her over. I wish I had thought to grab my camera, because it was a marvelous site seeing her slit isolated like that and her tits pointing to the ceiling. Her skin was so smooth and touchable. It was enough to take your breath away.

"Kneel down between her legs, spreading them enough to get in between. Slowly kiss her inner thighs towards her pussy," I said. Siena gulped and started to pull her nipples, needing more sensation for what she knew was coming.

"That's right, just like that. Now, kiss her and lick her outer lips. Ya, you got it. Up and down just like that. Tease just the tip of your tongue up and down her slit. Good good! You're doing great! Now, with your fingers, spread her lips until you can see her clitoral hood. See that nubb there? Ya, that's it. Very carefully, lick around it and on it. It is sensitive! Awesome. Alternate that with taking your tongue and inserting it in her hole. Ya, that is hot." Siena was moaning out loud now. The twisting of her nipples was more intense.

"Use your finger in her hole. Can you see this come hither gesture? Ya, do that until you hook behind her pelvic bone. Not quite. Just a little more."

Richard looked up confused, the juices glistening on his face.

"Like this," I said, standing directly next to him, my fingers extended and touching on the outside of her thigh. I curled my fingers and mimicked tugging them back towards me. I could tell he was mimicking my actions and she started to thrash just a bit. "See, that feels good to her, keep doing that." Siena gazed at me with such intensity. I put my fingers to my lips as I slipped off my shorts and underwear and stroked my cock off to the side and out of Richard's view. I swear she gave my cock a hungry stare.

"Kiss around her clit and push your face in even more. Carefully, oh so carefully, surround her clit with your lips and suck it gently."

Siena grabbed the sheet with one hand and balled it in her first, the other went to the back of his head and pushed it in even more. She was panting. Richard buried his face in her lips, with his fingers still working inside of her. Siena was clearly enjoying it, but I could tell it wasn't enough to get her there.

"What do you need, Siena?" I asked, bending to her and pointing my ear her way.

She moaned and whined.

"Come on, you can tell me." I said.

She thrashed back and forth, bringing her hands up to flick each of her pierced dumbbells. Her skin was now covered in sweat and her eyes dilated. I bent even closer.

"I need a dick inside me. I need to get fucked," she nearly shouted, or at least that is how loud it seemed from my close proximity.

I tapped Richard on the shoulder and he pulled his head up, his chin dripping. "I think it's time, Richard." He nodded, taking a moment to stand back up. Meanwhile, Siena continued to play with her nipples and move her body in the sexiest way. I could see bright wet pink when I peeked between her legs. It was a sight that demanded action.

He stood between her legs, his cock a good few inches from making contact. He was uncertain. "It's ok, Richard. Take her legs and move them up to your shoulders, pulling her towards the end of the bed." He nodded, and noticed for the first time that I was standing with my cock out. I could see him about to remark on it.

"Use your cock like a sex toy," I began, pretending that standing with a massive erection fully bared next to them was the most normal thing in the world. "Run it up and down her slit, around, smack it on her clit, tease her by swirling around her hole." I grabbed my own cock and showed him. Siena was responding to the words, trying to push her pelvis up. She mouthed, "Oh my god, I am going to kill you" to me, and I chuckled to myself.

I must confess that Richard had a decent cock. I watched it play around Siena's pussy. Her need was so obvious, it was like a visible thing. "Now angle your cock like this," I grasped my cock and pulled it up towards my belly. "Slide it through her lips. Ya, just like that. Can you see how her pelvis rises up to meet you on the upswing? You are hitting her clit right there and your balls are pressing into her lower lips. And there, see how she is moving herself when you get to the bottom? She is desperate to have you inside her and you are teasing the hell out of her."

It was too much. I started to stroke myself again. Siena watched me, so I got a bit closer. She actually whined.

"On your next down stroke, Richard, take a hold of your cock and point it downward towards her ass. When you feel her lips surround you, gently push it inside of her. Oh, exactly like that. If you want to tease her even more, do tiny little thrusts right there." I watched as he did and Siena's mouth made an almost perfect oval opening as she moaned out loud.

I switched my grip around my own cock to mimic what he was doing and wet my fingers a bit. I imagined it was me inside of her and felt a familiar need deep inside me. I once again rued not having my camera so that I could watch this later and frantically jerk off.

Siena could not take it any more. She grabbed Richards arm and hissed, "Fuck me. Fuck me deep and hard!"

Richard glanced over at me. I said, "You heard the lady, get to it." I watched as Richard's thrust forward and his cock completely disappeared. He withdrew and thrust again. "You got it, you got it. Grab her hips and pull when you thrust. It will push you deeper." He was buried to the hilt now, his balls almost inside of her. Now she was thrusting back too, and they were building a decent rhythm. I watched over to the side, an amazing spectacle, but one where my presence was no longer needed. Neither of them even noticed me any more, and they had passed all the hurdles I had set out to achieve.

I came up beside Siena, my erection swinging obscenely as I approached. I knelt down and whispered in her ear, "I think you got it from here, babe." Her eyes snapped open and the emotion in them was fondness and gratitude. I stroked her hair briefly and kissed her forehead. She squeezed my hand and I unbent my knee, intending to head out.

"Stay," she whispered, not letting go of my hand. "I want you to... moan... um... moan... stay," except she didn't say the word "moan", but rather moaned it. I shook my head and she shook hers, squeezing harder. "I want you to ... oh my god... watch. Please?"

I mean, what would you do? "Of course," I said. She tugged my hand, and I climbed up in bed beside her, stroking her hair as Richard pounded her. I understood her need. There is an exhibitionist in all of us and it was making it even better for her for me to show me.

"Richard. I think Siena needs a change of position. Don't ask me how I know, but she really likes doggie style, and besides, you are about to cum and she needs just a bit longer." His face showed awe that I knew he was about to shoot off. As this was probably his first time, I forgave him not knowing the obvious.

I moved over and up bed so that Siena could flip over, get on her knees, and push her ass out to the edge of the bed. Her face and breasts curved down so that they were touching the mattress. Richard started to fumble around behind her. After a few awkward moments where nothing was happening, I said, "Ah. The angle is different. Aim towards her lower back. It should be nearly straight on in this position. And use her slit to find your path, I don't think anal is on the menu for your first time."

Just from her reaction I knew that he had succeeded. Her thrusts backward became more pronounced. "Grab her hips, she is ready. She is close. Pound that ass." I could hear the slap slap of him giving it his all. She was just on the edge. I reached over and tweaked her nipple and the instant after the surprise she exploded, her orgasm loud and obvious. Not long behind her, Richard started to grunt silently, clearly shooting his load deep inside. Siena could feel it and had either another small O or an extension of her first massive one. Her whole body shook and I gently massaged the breast that I never relinquished as it rocked her.

"Oh my god, oh my god," she panted. Richard stepped back and she collapsed on the bed, falling to her side, her ass facing me. She was breathing hard.

She lay in silence, clearly satisfied. I gave Richard a thumbs up and he seemed pleased.

"After you have given her such a mind blowing orgasm," I said, still maintaining teacher mode, "she will very much enjoy you throwing your arm over her like this and pressing against her." I wrapped my right arm over her, spooning her from behind. She sighed and snuggled backwards. Richard watched for a few moments, and then appeared embarrassed to be at the head of the bed watching us. Sighing, I made to yield my spot. Instead, Siena pat the other side of the bed and said, "Come join us, Richard."

Richard moved his head back and forth between us and then pulled himself into bed right where Siena indicated. He lay down flat on this back, and she molded herself into his chest, not letting go of my arm. I was dragged along into the embrace, but I didn't mind. Siena wiggled her ass against my erection, letting me know she knew it was there and that she didn't mind.

"That was amazing, Richard," Siena said. "Thank you, Derek, for helping us. It was fun."

I agreed, settling in to enjoy this feeling while it lasted.

"Next time, you need to bring your wife. I bet we can have a lot of fun together," she said.

I imagine Richard and I had the exact same thought, "next time?". But, neither of us said it out loud and thus it was understood that this could be a thing. If possible, my erection got even more urgent.

"Well, it has been fun," I said, disengaging from the couple, "but, I have to go and wildly masturbate now."

Siena laughed. Richard laughed. With a glint in her eye, she asked, "Can I watch?"

"Are you serious?," I asked. She gave a meaningful glance to my erection.

Standing up, stroking my cock, I chuckled, "Can you watch? Are you kidding? Of course you can," and my pace picked up. "Could you give me some visual help?," I asked, staring meaningfully between her legs.

Siena opened her legs wide, spreading her lips. I could see a mixture of saliva, jizz, and her juices. It was fucking hot. It made me go even faster. Making direct eye contact, she pushed her hand slowly down her body, her fingers making a walking motion. I was so close now. When she found her clit and started to masturbate, I knew I was past the point of no return.

"You are going to cum... cum for me Derek.... cum right on my tits...," she moved her torso so that she was directly lined up with my cock.

That was enough for me. All the things I had seen that night ran through my mind like a jumble, but watching her still touch herself right in front of me dominated. I felt my balls tighten and my body stiffen. I quickly leaned forward and sprayed right across her body, covering the far breast with my first shot. Still pumping, I continued to cum, decorating her chest. She rubbed it in and moaned, and I could see her fingers working furiously below. Astoundingly, she had another body shaking orgasm. I was both impressed and envious at the same time. Three orgasms in less than an hour!

I cleaned myself up in her bathroom and came back into the bedroom, putting on my clothes as I did so. "OK, I am heading out. Enjoy round two, Richard."

Richard did not appear confident about that.

"No worries, man, you got this," I said, walking away. Siena jumped up and gave me a full body hug, her naked body against mine. She whispered in my ear, "remember, nothing is changed between us." I gratefully smiled at her and again kissed the top of her forehead before letting her go.

I heard distinct kissing noises behind me as I left her bedroom, closing the door behind me. It was a night I would not soon forget.


Siena Ch. 02: What If

Siena and Derek contemplate hypotheticals.

A couple days passed before I had a chance to check in with Siena. It's funny how life gets in the way of connecting with people.

"Sup?" I texted to her, eloquently.

It wasn't until later in the day she responded. I concluded that she was working. It was always so difficult to follow her crazy schedule - I had stopped trying long ago. She was never that far away from her phone unless she was at work.

"Work, kid, puzzle, work..." she replied.

"Exciting." I texted.

"#totes. What's up with you?"

"Wife, work, kids, sleep, repeat." I sighed as I texted this. Life in a pandemic had become just a bit too predictable. Still, I was working and my family was healthy, so it was hard to complain.

"Hey," I typed, "you and Richard ok with everything that went down?"

She took a bit to reply. I was just about to put down my phone and do something else, when I read: "overall, it went better than we even planned. You did a great job! I cannot thank you enough. But, I had to talk to Richard a bit after, he got so quiet."

I smiled at her gratitude. It was sweet, especially since she knew from the decoration I left on her chest how much I enjoyed it.

"Did you get to the bottom of it?" My mind suddenly flashed to Richard pulling Siena to him, her pushing back in doggy style. He certainly got to the bottom of it. The memory made me chub up just a little.

"Ya," she wrote, "we talked. He wasn't too happy that you kissed me or came on my tits..."

"Oh!" I replied. Again, the image of her fingers between her legs, turning to offer up her chest for me flashed through my mind. And how I squirted all over her tits. The chub was officially semi-hard.

I started to text out an apology. I kept writing and erasing it until her next text interrupted me.

"But I told him how it wasn't a big deal. You and I are friends and it was fun. That was it. And I said, 'I didn't suck his dick or anything, he just jizzed on me'."

I could totally hear her voice saying that and I laughed out loud. "LOL!"

"Then he asked me if I wanted to and I told him I was tempted. Anyway, I came clean on most of it, how I was going to break up with him, how you offered to help, and either he was ok with it or he wasn't. It took a bit, but I think he's fine. He might be the jealous type, ugh 🙄"

There was a lot to parse through in that sentence. "I don't know if I would have told of him about our plan, but I admire you for being honest with him."

"Ya, fuck being fake. If he doesn't like it, there are ten more behind him."

Again, I laughed. She was too funny, blunt to a fault.

I shook my head and reread her long response. "Wait, you were tempted?"

A couple minutes passed while she replied. I shook the phone, "type faster, woman!" My cock was officially erect. All the memories flashed through my mind. I rubbed it a bit as it was demanding attention.

"Umm, ya, duh. When you were on the bed and he was eating me... omg... I so needed to suck dick."

I stared down at that. "Huh. I KNEW you needed something. I asked you." Stroking it just a little, I remembered just how much I wanted to.

Siena's reply arrived in seconds, "ya, well, 🐔"

"Haha, you are the bravest person I know. I was severely tempted to just do it," I replied honestly.

"We are friends, Derek. I wouldn't do anything to mess that up." she wrote, and seconds later, "you were?"

"Ya, totally. But, Richard and..." I shook my head.

"and..." she prodded.

"And I didn't want anything to change in our friendship. I know we promised nothing would, but that was a line I wasn't crossing. If I hadn't set my line before, I definitely would have." And my turgid cock agreed, nodding up and down.

"Oh," she replied.

"Is that ok?" I asked.

"totally. It's why I chickened out. But, seeing you stroking yourself so close... ugh, I did want it." My in real life touching definitely was getting a bit more... serious.

"What do you think would have happened to us?" I asked.

She said, "I think we would have been fine. Sex is just sex." That is the Siena I know.

"Indeed," I replied. I was working up towards a point where I knew I would have to cum when I heard the kids and wife downstairs. The window had passed and my day had to get started. I gave a silent apology to ol' one eyed Willie.

"Hey listen, I gotta jet," I texted her. "Continue this discussion tonight. I want to hear your thoughts about what if"

"What if?" she asked.

"Ya. What if I had pushed myself towards you and did what we both wanted in that moment. Don't say now, let's leave it for tonight."

"Ok, it's a date. Later loser"

"See ya, dog face" my cock giving one last twitch at "date" as I got myself dressed.

================

That night, it took forever to get kids settled and wait for the wife to sleep. I shot a text over to Siena.

"Ok, you avail?"

A few minutes later she wrote, "yep. Was in the shower, squeeky clean."

"Pics or it didn't happen" It was nearly a reflex response.

"You wish."

"I do"

And the ritual was complete.

That out of the way, I deliberately set the phone down and waited. Impatiently, I may add.

Ding! Grinning, I picked up the phone. "So, what if?" I had her. Curiosity killed the cat, or at least got the pussy wet. Something like that.

"Let me set the scene for you," I began.

"You were... Actually... do you mind if I call? Texting this will take forever."

"Ya, five minutes. Let me switch to the bed."

Five long minutes later, I gave her a ring. She picked up the phone.

I started talking immediately, she didn't even get out a hello. "So, you were laying there, legs hanging off the end of the bed, his face between your legs. I was beside you on the bed, close enough I could reach out and touch you. And I was tempted. In fact, later I couldn't resist tweaking your tit."

"Mmm hmm," I heard her breath into the phone, "I remember"

I could imagine her laying back, eyes closed, listening to me talk.

"Richard had teased you, at my direction, and then he had trapped your clit between his lips and was tugging on it gently. Your chest was heaving and I was slowly stroking myself, enjoying the show."

"Ya..." the reply was dragged out and I could tell she was remembering.

I pulled down my shorts and my rock hard cock waved briefly before I grasped it.

"I asked you what you wanted. I could see you thrashing, nearly overloaded with pleasure, with no hope of going over the edge. You told me you needed to get fucked. What if you told me the truth. Put yourself there again and tell me." I kept my voice low.

I heard rustling on the other end and Siena's response. "Mmm, I, uh"

Her shortness of breath was hot as hell to hear. She did not answer and the moment dragged on just a tad.

"Siena, what do you need?" I asked again.

She whined at the other end. I swore I heard a short clipped moan and then a brief period of silence. Whispering, almost inaudible, I heard, "I need to suck a dick."

"What's that? Couldn't hear you?" I asked, a grin on my face

"I needed a DICK in my MOUTH," she said, loud enough for me to temporarily move the phone away from my ear.

I laughed good naturedly.

"Jerk," she stated, and I knew she didn't mean it.

"In that moment, stroking my cock like I am now," I paused and I could hear her notice. "I would have pushed up in the bed and thrust myself towards your mouth. It was already open, it would have been so easy."

"Mmm, hmm" was all she said.

I took a chance. "You are touching yourself right now, aren't you?"

"Yessss" she hissed. "Don't stop."

I thought I was hard before. Now, it was almost painful. That didn't stop me from gripping it and giving a few long strokes. "My cock would have pressed to your lips and I would have slowly eased my way in."

"Oh... mmm," she panted. "Are you touching it, right now too?"

"I have been stroking for like ten minutes now," I replied. "Tell me what you would have done. Imagine the what if and describe what's in your head."

Heavy panting over the line. I knew her fingers were buried inside her and she knew my cock was in hand. How was it that she could get me into these supremely hot situations?

"I, uh," she stammered, clearly struggling with her words. "I would have sucked your dick."

Laughing, I pressed her, "No, slow it down. Describe what you think would happen. Paint a picture with your words" I waited while she put together her thoughts. I think she temporarily ceased manipulating herself to do so.

"Sigh," she sighed, "fine!" She drummed her fingers on the phone and said, "My mouth would have opened just the littlest bit and I would have made you push between my pursed lips."

I reached over on my nightstand and squeezed a bit of lube onto the tip of my dick. Grabbing it firmly, I forced the head reluctantly through my fist. "Yes, I can imagine that," I said. "I am pushing myself through my hand right now."

"Oooo." she said, resuming, "My hands needed something to do, so I would have reached between your legs and fondled your balls. I would have grabbed your whole package and pulled you deep in, using my tongue on your shaft." I stroked longer now, closing my eyes to imagine how that would feel.

I said, "I would put my fingers through your hair and apply a little force on the back of your head. You are in control, but I would press the matter."

Siena's panting got a bit more pronounced, "Would you fuck my face? Force your dick in and out of my mouth?" she moaned/asked.

"Once you did not pull away, I would indeed thrust in and out. Your hair would be in my fist and I would take more and more control. Just like I am forcing my cock through my fist now."

"Egad, that's hot," she said. "I would twist my hand on your shaft and touch my nose to the bottom."

I was stunned. "You can do that?" I asked.

"Ya, I am pretty sure I could get you all in. You are not as long as some of the others I have blown, and I could probably even lick your balls with your cock in my mouth."

"Wow," I said. "Impressive." On each downstroke now, I used my index finger covered with lube to fondle my sac, imagining it was her tongue. I thought to myself that I was going to cum from this eventually, and was excited by the prospect.

"And when having your pussy was too much and Richard started fucking you, what then?" I asked, going faster with my hand.

"Um... uhh..." she said.

"Siena, grab one of your toys and use it as a memory aid." I waited as she put down the phone and heard a drawer open and close. When she came back on the line, I said, "And take off all your clothes, I want you to be naked."

She laughed. "I have been naked almost the entire time," she said.

I remembered how I heard rustling in the start of the call and should have known. I shook my head and slipped off my shorts completely, joining her in being naked. My heart was thudding.

"Ease your toy up and down your slit, just like Richard did to you," I commanded. It was just like the directing I did with them, except this time it was Siena following.

"I'm doing it. Mmmm, that feels wonderful. But, I need it inside of me," she said.

"I know. I know. What are you doing to me in our what if?" I ask.

"I am doing my level best to give you the best blow job of your life. My hand is squeezing your balls, sliding my middle finger towards your bum and pressing in. My mouth is bobbing up and down and I am basically jerking you off on the upstroke."

I saw it as if it was happening. And my hand did it's best to simulate it. I had to get more lube and apply it on.

"Holy, man. I missed that? What the fuck was I thinking?" I asked. Hearing her panting getting more urgent on the other end was doing things to me. My balls felt that familiar tingling. I slowed down just a bit so that I didn't shoot off too early, it was not time for me cum yet.

"Ease your stand-in dick into your dripping pussy. Start fucking yourself for reals."

Nothing but heavy panting on the other side. Just hearing it made me want to drive over and launch myself at her.

"Is that you inside you, yet?" I asked coyly.

"Uh uh, mmhmm, ya."

I had a flashback to a couple nights ago. The picture in my mind was Richard's cock disappearing in her pussy. Her bare sex revealed it all. Her clit stood out straight, begging for attention.

"While you are sucking me off and he's fucking you..." I trailed off.

"Mmm. What? Tell me," she gasped.

"I would scoot over enough to touch that clit that is staring me in the face. My fingers would feel directly how soaked you really were, having a guy pound you on both ends at the same time. I would smack the top of your pussy with my hand."

I heard a distinct clapping sound over the phone and realised Siena was mimicking my words. Her fingers were now on her little clitty, probably rubbing it like mad.

"You dirty girl," I said, not even realising it was out loud.

"Oh, I am. Use me like a slut," she said to my distinct surprise.

"Keep smacking that thing. Do you remember what happened next?" I asked.

A couple smacks over the phone and she groaned, "he fucked me doggie style," she accurately recounted.

"Do that now. Get on your hands and knees."

Her phone went down and all I heard was rustling noises. It seemed to take a bit longer than I expected.

"I'm ready," she said, with a sexy little moan.

"Why did it take so long, Siena?" I heard breathing and moans and an echo and realized I was on speaker phone. "You naughty girl, what are you doing?"

"Ugh, tell me I'm a slut again. Tell me, tell me.." more sexy utterances.

"My dirty little slut, let me fuck your mouth while Richard takes you from behind. Only dirty girls do two guys at once."

"Oh... My... Gawd," she cried and I heard her cum. I nearly lost it right there, but my curiosity stopped me.

I repeated my question. "What are doing, dirty girl," I asked.

"I don't want to say," she whined, still breathing heavy.

"Come on, tell me," I coaxed.

"I'm... mmm... I'm fucking my wall," she said.

I was confused. "Say what?"

More throaty moans, some wet slapping sounds. "I own a big dildo that sticks to the wall. I put it up. And then backed my fat ass onto it. I'm fucking my wall."

I was blown away. I remembered vividly the noise of flesh smacking together when her and Richard were doggie style. One last squirt of lube, and I picked up the pace of my stroking.

"Only a dirty slut fucks her wall," I heard her hiss in response.

"I'm a dirty girl," she moaned.

"Maybe you wanted me to pull myself out of your mouth and spank your ass with my cock as Richard pounded you."

"Oh yes, I love it," she clearly was building towards another orgasm. I felt this was going to be her big one, and vowed to time mine with hers.

"While I was behind you, I would push my finger into your anus, see how you react."

"You wouldn't," she said between loud fleshy thumps. I imagined her riding her wall toy hard, her cheeks giggling as she slammed against it.

"You know I would," I countered.

"Yes, put it inside there. I want it" she said.

"You little whore. You like that, don't you? You're fingering your own ass right now in real life, you filthy girl."

It was more of a statement then a question and I heard her moan a yes, her breathing getting ragged. It was time to step up my pace on my end. My fist was tugging up and down, my grip firm.

"Maybe you wanted me to join Richard. Have him lie down under him, you pushing down. And then have me enter your ass," I said.

"Umm, ugh, no, you wouldn't, you wouldn't dare," she said.

"Maybe you are right, but you pictured it, you fantasized about it. As I finger your ass, you might even crave it." I was getting there and I let my breathing blow out so that she knew.

"We're almost there, Siena," I heard her "uh huh"

"One more thing..." I let it hang in the air a bit and listened to the wet obscene sounds coming from the other end.

"Name it," she cried, "but hurry, I'm so so close."

"I want you to accept my video call right now and push the phone directly underneath you, looking up. I want you to show me how you are being a little harlot. Show me!"

I quickly hung up and pulled up a video chat app, opening a connection to her. We had used this one before to chat, so I knew she could do it. It rang and rang until it timed out.

"Come on, Siena, pick up," I said out loud, and tried again.

This time, she answered. I was already looking directly up between her legs. She must have set it up so that it would already be in position. As I watched, I saw her wall mounted toy disappear inside of her and reappear a moment later. I could see her pink wetness. It was an amazing view.

"That's it, Siena. I'm watching you fuck the wall. I can see your shaved pussy from here. I notice you probing your backdoor. You are so slutty!"

"Slap that pussy for me," I could see and hear her do it.

"Mmm, such a naughty thing. Richard is fucking your pussy and I am poking your ass. You love it, don't you?"

"I do, I do! Make me your whore. Use me." I could hear the desperation in her voice. How close she was...

She grunted. "Tell...me...what you...are...doing," I could just barely see up to her chest and realized she couldn't really see me.

"I'm stroking for all I am worth. My cock is so hard right now. I could cum at any time, but I'm waiting for you..."

Siena picked up her pace, "I am almost there..."

I felt myself on the brink, "I'm about to squirt, hon. I'm going to cover your gorgeous ass in my jizz as I finger your ass. Or maybe you want it inside your ass, my cum gushing into your tight asshole, you dirty..."

All of a sudden, Siena started jerking her body, pushing it tight against the wall and arching her back. Loud moans filled the air. She came spectacularly. I felt like clapping, it was a stunning performance.

I wasn't too far behind.

"I'm cumming," I announced, and watched as she reached between her legs to pull the phone towards her. Understanding what she wanted, I aimed the phone so that she could watch me shoot my load all over my belly and chest. I don't know if I had every cum as much as right then. I was absolutely covered.

I collapsed back and I could hear a distinct "shoop" as Siena dismounted her wall dildo. I gazed down at myself and laughed.

"I probably should have brought a towel with me," I said.

She giggled and pointed the camera to her soaked thighs and nearby hand towel. "Rookie mistake," she said, smiling.

"My Lord, my heart is beating like a mile a minute" I said.

"Me too!"

"Thank you," she said, and I shook my head.

"Oh no, thank you! That was incredible," I replied.

"Are you bummed that didn't happen for real," Siena asked.

"I would be lying if I said I didn't regret it at all. But, no, not really. You're too good a friend to mess stuff up. It was perfect. And so was this."

"Good. My thoughts exactly. I regret it not being real a little too, but this was wonderful."

I stretched and yawned. "It's so late, my gosh. I should sleep."

"Typical," she said with a huge grin, "cum and roll over to sleep."

"You know it. Except this time I need a frickin shower. Maybe two." I winked at her and showed her how covered I was.

She licked her lips suggestively. "Mmm, nice."

"Nothing has changed," I said.

"Nothing's changed," she confirmed.

"Good night, Siena, thanks for the what if."

"Totally welcome. Night," and she closed the connection.

I wistfully slipped into slumber wondering what was next in store with Siena. Only time would tell. But, I suspect it would be fun as hell.


