
TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  JANUARY 2010 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this
notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(M+/F, MM, MF, Impreg, FemDom, MDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS
STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A
FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE
GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY
MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY
THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE
LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE





Title:  Being a Good Husband
Author: C.D.E.
Story# 2010-02

Cast:
Mark - Husband
Molly - Wife

	Molly, my wife of 12 years, and I were sitting around the
kitchen table talking.

	"Molly, it's hard to believe we've been married 12 years.  Why
the wedding seems just like it was yesterday."

	"Yes Mark, I know what you mean.  And you've been the greatest
husband too.  And a super daddy to our 7 kids, even if you didn't
put any of them in me."

	"I've really tried hard Molly.  I just wished that I-I could've
been a-a better man for you i-instead of y-you having t-to..."

	"There is no need to go there darling.  Things have worked out
very well for you and our marriage.  I'm very happy with our
marriage and our relationship.  Sure, I'm a slut wife.  I love
having a lot of men fucking me. And I know you like it too.  Even
though I know at times you have moments when you get those lapses
where your silly pride tries to surface and convince you
otherwise.  But luckily, me, my family, and especially your mom
are able to get you back on track and get you to realize your
place."

	"Sigh!  I-I guess y-you're right.  Occasionally I-I do forget
I-I'm hard pressed to compete with your real men."

	"But honey, when you put your tongue in my pussy and suck all
their stuff out, you please me in a way they never can.  You know
that don't you?"

	"Y-Yes I-I know you t-tell me that all the time, b-but I-I still
feel a bit put down that's the only way I-I can really please you
in bed.  A-And I-I guess it-it still bothers me at times, even
though I-I'm very use to it, that you get your greatest pleasure
from me is when you come to me all used a-and s-so well fucked
a-and full of their cum."

	"Yes darling, that is so heavenly for me.  I just love showing
you my well fucked snatch and not only giving you sloppy seconds,
but having you eat it all up is so fantastic.  You really satisfy
my kink when you do that for me."

	"While we're on that subject Molly,is there a chance that after
all these years I-I can stop using con..."

	"Now Mark darling,we've been over that topic many times.  And
the answer is still no!  I insist that you still wear rubbers
when I let you put it in.  I know it's a quirk of mine to not let
you have me bareback and unencumbered like I do with all the
other men that I put out for.  But it still adds to my kink
knowing that not only do other men get my pussy all juicy and
hot, flesh to flesh, while you have to wear latex around you
little thing when we fuck."

	"O-Oh alright, if-if you say so, I-I guess I have to still wear
them.  B-But at least do y-you think y-you can let me h-have some
more often?  W-Why I-I got to only put it in twice all last year.
 A-And for the 12 years w-we've been married, I-I've only only
had intercourse with you 30 times."

	"That many huh?  Well darling, you know how it is with the guys
making so many demands upon me, and you too I might add.  By the
way honey, I'm so appreciative of you filling in for me and being
a surrogate pussy for the guys when they're horny and I'm not
available to give them some."

	"O-OH!  I-I wish you hadn't brought that up.  But back to how
often I can have some.  It's generally only been on my birthday
and Christmas.  Please consider a few more times dear.  I-I'd
really appreciate it.  I-I know you say it-it's nothing wrong
with me jacking off.  A-And I-I know I-I'm good at beating my
meat, a-and l-like y-you want me to, I-I always remember to
c-catch and slurp up my jacked off cum.  B-B-But it-it would b-be
so nice to..."

	"Yes honey, since you eat so much of other men's jism, I insist
that you eat your own too.  But okay Mark sweetie, I'll do what I
can, but you have to take into consideration how tired I am after
the guys pummel me and then after your delightful tongue
thrashing and suckmanship, a girl can only take so much.  But
your point is well taken, after all you are my husband and the
daddy of our 7 children I've had by my real men.  And even though
they have priority over you when it comes time to intercourse,
I'll definitely have to work you in more often when I'm not so
tired. Fair enough?"

	"Y-Yes Molly.  T-Thank you so much.  I-It r-really is a great
pleasure to a-at least be able to eat your pussy several times a
week.  B-But it-it's such a treat to put it in.  I-I know I-I
don't last more t-than a minute when I-I get a chance to get
some, b-but it means so much to me to-to get to put it in."

	"I know it does darling."  Molly said smiling as she leaned over
and gave me a juicy passionate kiss.

	"Oh Mark Honey I forgot to mention that dad called earlier and
said he's coming over for his usual Friday night date.  He wants
you to know his balls are really full."

	"SIGH!  I guess I don't need a crystal ball to guess what he
wants. Oh Molly, I really admire a-and respect your dad.  But
sometimes I'm not sure I did the right to let him put his dick in
my mouth and make me a cocksucker.  Now here it is over 12 years
later, and I'm still having to go to bed with him every Friday
night."

	"Mark darling, instead of complaining, and I know you're just
pretending by the way, you should see it as a compliment he keeps
coming back time after time to fuck your face.  Of course over
the years, your relationship with him and other men has evolved
to include fucking your ass pussy too.  believe me dear, if dad,
or the others, didn't like what you do for them, they wouldn't
make so many repeat visits when they get horny. take it from me
and my in-demand pussy."

	"It-It all started after your dad found out I had committed to
suck your cream pie pussy after you got fucked by you big dick
men friends.  I-I wished y-you had never let him know that I-I
loved you enough to do that for you."

	"I couldn't keep such a sweet and devoted loving act from my
parents.  They were so excited that I had found my dream husband.
 They knew that I would only be happy with a husband that had the
courage to be a cunt sucking cuckold for me."

	"I know, that's when your dad started asking me about the taste
of the jism I was slurping from your gapping oozing muff  a-and
talked me into tasting his hot fresh jism and helping to sooth
his raging hard-on.  M-Many time, I-I wish i-I had the will to
resist him a-and not let him talked me in being his cocksucker. 
N-Now look where it has gotten me.  I-I never dreamed back then
I-I'd also be having intercourse a-and being penetrated by with
him a-and other horny men."

	"Darling, it has gotten you a lot of respect from horny men who
need a quickie piece and love good juicy sissy head.  Not to
mention all the money dad has helped you make for the family by
pimping you out.  As you know those dollars you made by whoring
has come in real handy in providing for the household and raising
our kids."

	"Y-Yes y-you're right.  I-I have to admit Molly, it isn't all
that bad sucking cocks or-or tasting or-or drinking down all the
cum that horny men ejaculate in my mouth.  A-After all, s-sucking
all y-your men's spend from y-your pussy sort of g-got me
prepared for that I-I guess."

	"Honey, you're a very skilled cocksucker.  I'm very proud of
you.  You have nothing to feel regret about.  And I'm also very
pleased that you love me and the kids enough to sell your
ass-pussy too.  Dad tells me he knows you enjoy being humped and
taking a man's hot semen, even though you pretend you don't.  He
even mentioned how you even get off without even touching
yourself while you're beeing fucked"

	"O-Oh I-I wish h-he hadn't told you that.  I-I don't w-want
y-you to think I-I d-don't have a-any manliness l-left in me. 
B-But... SIGH! A-As far as h-having intercourse w-with the
customers, I-I-I guess I-I've s-sorta gotten use to b-being used
that way, e-especially if-if a -a man w-wants asks me for s-some
of m-my pussy.  B-But I-I was s-surprised y-you w-were s-so
supportive of-of your dad wanting m-me to sell m-my ass.  I-I'd
always thought t-that h-him doing me that way w-was to b-be kept
in t-the family - y-you know b-between m-me a-and him... A-And
well your 3 brothers a-and 6 uncles."

	"Mark darling, dad said you were just too good a piece of ass to
not share with the public, especially since it's been such a
money maker and us with a growing family.  Plus, he said that you
like being asked for pussy.  Look at you blushing, you know
you're a poor lier.  Hee! Hee!

	"And honey, perish the thought about me worrying about your
manliness, you have as much man in you as I need in a sweet, and
devoted loving faithful, cuckold husband and daddy to our kids. 
Okay?"

	"O-Okay M-Molly.  T-Thanks, t-that means so much to me."

	"And by the way Mark, Hank is coming by later, he and I are
going away for the weekend.  I plan to return sometime Sunday. 
Now when you do the household chores and the laundry this
weekend, be sure and mop all the bathroom and do the ironing too.
 You don't want to get any demerits like you did last time and a
spanking like you did the last time I was away for a weekend with
Ray."

	"O-Oh no it-it won't h-happen again.  I-I'll get all my c-chores
done."

	"And Mark darling, I don't want any excuses about the my friends
taking up all your time from you doing your chores because they
wanted blow jobs and some pussy from you.  You just have to make
efficient use of the time you have.  Your mom and my mom will
share having the kids over for half of the time I'm gone, so you
just have to as productive as you can.  Understand?"

	"Y-Yes Molly dear, I-I'll get everything done."

	"DING DONG!"  The doorbell rang.

	"That must be dad.  You better go and get yourself bathed and
douched up for him.  I'll tell him you're getting ready. I'll go
ahead and serve him the delicious dinner you prepared him.  And
my date will be here shortly too, here let me give a kiss, since
I'll be gone by the time you come down for your fuck date with
dad."

	Molly gave me a warm kiss on my lips.  Her warm embrace was a
joy to me.

	"Love you darling.  As always, I know you will have a good time
in bed tonight on the end of dad's dick."

	As I went to prepare myself for bed time with my lusty
father-in-law, I had to admit in my thoughts that despite the
many things I've had to endure in our marriage,  over all, my
situation wasn't all that bad.  I have a loving wife, even if she
does subjugate, dominate, and humiliates me frequently, I know
that she loves me in her own way.  And my in-laws, even though
they don't treat me as a man and often call me "Faggy" when the
kids aren't around, I have grown to accept the warmth and love
they have shown me, even if they all pretty much subjugate and
use me as a sex toy.

	I think I have eaten the pussies and sucked the dicks of all of
my wife's relatives - many, many times since we've been married.


	However, despite all my aforementioned experiences - which I'm
sure most people might say have been degrading, even perverted
and even utter humiliating.  However, I have come to agree with
my wife, they have been enriching for both of us.

	After all, I never expected that one day I would be able to win
- and keep - the hand of such a beautiful wife as well as to have
so many great kids calling me daddy - even if none of them look
anything like me.

	All in all, I'd say I've done pretty well for a guy that's a
nerd and a wimp and has a little prick.  Don't you think so?

###END###

	

	

	
