Svetka
by longtoad85667

Svetka Delivers Pizza Topless
 
Girl delivers pizza topless and have sex with stranger.

This is story about young exhibitionist Svetka. This happened to her soon after she arrived to the bit city and was admitted to college. Svetka was eastern European girl, slim, blond, with short hair.

Svetka met a first year student Yanek. He lived in a student dorm and worked part time delivering pizza. Once Svetka came to his room on Saturday morning. She expected to spent a day with him, possibly outside in the park. But Yanek was busy. He explained that he must study for his exams. And it was also his day day to deliver the pizza. He said he does not want to loose his job. Yanek asked Svetka to substitute him for pizza delivery.

"But I never delivered pizza before," said Svetka.

"This is very simple," said Yanek. "You deliver pizza, they open the door, take pizza and give you tips, usually 2 or 3 Euro, sometime more. By the end of day you may earn 100 Euro or more."

That has got Svetka`s attention. She was poor and she always looked for opportunity to earn some money.

"Suppose I want it," she said. 'But I don`t have a car."

"No problem," said Yanek. "You can borrow my car." And he gave her the key.

Svetka took the key and walked down to the garage where she quickly found Yanek`s car, old FW Jetta with a large sign "Pizza" mounted on a roof.

Svetka was excited about the opportunity to drive around town and earn some money.

She got into te car, put key in ignition, started the engine, and then stepped her foot on accelerator and pulled out from the garage. She went a bit too fast, made a too wide turn and nearly avoided scratching another car on a parking.

Truth is, Svetka did not have driver's license. She barely knew how to drive. She only drove car a few times before, with boys in her village. However, Svetka was anxious to learn to drive. She pulled slowly on a street into a traffic. She successfully passed one street intersection, then another, then took a right turn, then left turn. Her confidence increased and she went faster. Luckily Yanek`s car had automatic transmission, with only two pedals, accelerator and brake. Svetka got a hold on driving it pretty quickly. Svetka stayed under 40 km/h limit.

She turned on prospect, drove through two intersections and pulled into Pizza restaurant parking lot.

Svetka turned off engine and went inside.

She introduced herself and said she was substituting for Yanek. Manager gave her a pizza company uniform, a red T-Shirt and a matching hat. Then he gave her first order, two boxes of pizza and an address to deliver it.

Svetka took pizza boxes, sat in a car, and cautiously pulled back into the street traffic. She turned right on a busy street and continued driving. She went on a parkway street, then took a left turn and then right, and arrived at an address. She got out of the car, came to the apartment door and rung the bell. A man opened the door, took two boxes of pizza, gave her 2 € (Euro) and locked the door.

Svetka came back to a Pizza restaurant, and took tree more pizza boxes to deliver. This time she had to deliver further from the restaurant. It took Svetka fifteen minutes to drive to that place. She came to another door. A man opened the door. She gave him a pizza box, the man muttered "Thank you," and gave her 1 € (Euro).

All that driving, and just for one Euro? Svetka was disappointed. She almost wanted to quit and go home, but she did not want to fail at her first work day and to disappoint Yanek. So she continued delivering pizzas.

It was a hot summer day. By 12 o`clock Svetka got tired and sweaty. She stopped near some fast food joint and got inside. She got a cold drink and a slice of pizza for herself and sat at the table. She counted her money. She earned only 20 Euro after 3 hours of work. Svetka thought about ways to increase her earnings. Yanek told her that to earn more money delivering pizza, one should drive faster. But Svetka was afraid to drive faster then 40 km/h limit. She did not want to be stopped by the police on her first day of work.

She got back into the car and continued driving. It was hot inside the car. Yanek's car did not have air conditioner. Svetka has got sweaty. She rolled her T-Shirt as high as possible, almost up to her boobs, exposing her belly to the fresh air. That helped a little. She came to the next customer`s door with her T-Shirt almost all the way up, and with two pizza boxes in her hands. A man opened the door. He looked at her, and opened his mouth. Svetka said in a sweet voice, "Hello, here is your pizza." The men gave her unusually large tip 6 €. She came to the car and rolled her T-Shirt even higher, exposing her round boobs and nipples. Next customer gave her tip 8 €.

After two more such deliveries, Svetka got so daring, that she pulled her T-Shirt off completely, and continued driving and delivering pizzas completely topless, just in her shorts. She only pulled on her red T-Shirt when she picked up next pizza orders at the restaurant. Then she took her T-Shirt off again and went delivering. She felt great. She earned money, drove a car on city streets, and the fresh air pleasantly cooled her upped body. Svetka has got excited when men looked at her boobs with such awe. "I should go out topless more often," she thought. The idea of that made her feel horny. She felt getting wet down there in her panties.

She rolled the car windows down. Some drives from nearest cars noticed her naked breasts, they smiled and gave her a thumb-up or blew their horns in support, Svetka smiled to them in return.

The customers opened doors, looked at her astonishingly, then gave her tips from 8 to 10 Euros. Svetka was excited. She got the idea how to earn more money. After that Svetka came to the next door. The middle aged woman opened the door. She looked at Svetka sternly, took a pizza box, then she shut the door without giving to Svetka any tip at all.

"Oh crap," thought Svetka. "This one is a failure. Sometimes customers are women."

Lucky for Svetka, most of the times pizza was ordered by men.

Buy 4 o`clock Svetka earned 126 €. It was quite a successful day, she though.

She went to deliver the last box of pizza for the day. She came to the door. A tall handsome man in his 40s opened the door, looked at her, opened his mouth and stood looking at her boobs, just like the others before.

Svetka said to him "Hello, here is your pizza."

He looked at her and said "Hello," in a pleasant low voice which Svetka adored in men. Svetka immediately turned on. She thought that she wanted this men's cock, right now. She felt wet down below. She though she needed to make a first move. She did not wait until he produced tips.

Svetka said in a sweet voice "It is such a hot day. Will you invite me inside and give a glass of cold drink?"

The man nodded, and invited her inside. He took pizza box and led her to the small living room and let her sit on a sofa. He excused himself and went to the kitchen for a drink. He came back a minute later with a glass of cold ice tea and with a large slice of pizza which she just delivered. Svetka took the glass, and made a few gulps of cold liquid. She felt even better. Svetka introduced herself, the man introduced himself too. They talk for a few minutes. Svetka told him that it was her first day on this work and that she was so tired.

Svetka noticed that the man was obviously uncomfortable. He did not know how to behave with this strange topless girl who practically asked herself into his apartment. "Men are so slow sometimes," thought Svetka. "But that's ok," she thought. "Perhaps he is a nice guy."

But she did not have time to sit and wait here for too long. So she decided to take the initiative. She pulled down her shorts a little exposing half of her cute round buttocks. The men gulped and came close to her. She smiled and said "Come on, stud, don`t make me wait." The man got a clue. He came close to her, and pulled his pants down. His large cock was not very hard yet. Svetka bent down and touched his penis with her hands. Then she took it in her mouth and made a few motions bobbing her head up and down. The man grunted with pleasure and held her by her hair, pulling toward himself. She repeated her bobbing motion and she felt how his cock got longer and harder while she played with it in her mouth. Then she turned around and stood in a doggy pose, with her hands on a sofa for support. The man came from behind and penetrated his penis inside her. Svetka giggled and moaned with pleasure. He started thrusting his cock forward and backward inside her.

She pushed him back a little and said "Not so fast, cowboy, let me feel it longer. Give me your tongue too."

He took his penis out, then touched and moved its end around her shaved vagina. He bent down and licked her vagina and clitoris with his tongue. Svetka almost screamed with excitement. This man did know what he was doing. Then he took his hard cock and penetrated her vagina again.

"Oh, it's so good!" exclaimed Svetka.

The man continued thrusting his cock hard inside her, while Svetka panted and moaned and screamed loudly. This time he thrust back and forth violently, faster and faster, until he jerked and grunted with excitement. Svetka felt a stream of his hot sperm inside her. Then she screamed too with orgasm.

They made a pause and sat on a sofa, both panting and sweaty. His room did not have air conditioning.

Svetka sighed, and put on her panties and shorts, then she stood up and went toward the door. He looked at her admiringly. He asked her if he would see her again. May be, she said, smiling. She did not leave her telephone number to him, (The truth is she did not have one) but she said that may be she would come to him again, some day.

When she opened the door and was about to step outside, he stopped her.

He said "Wait, I forgot to give you a tip for the pizza delivery." Then he held a 100 € banknote in his hand. Svetka felt very awkward at that moment. She needed money of cause and that was a large sum of money for her. But if she would took it then she would feel like a whore selling herself. So she said to him "No tip, this time pizza delivery was on me." She smiled to him and left.

She got into the Yanek's car, and sat there, catching her breath and thinking about what has just happened to her. She never had sex with complete strangers so quickly before.

"What had just happen?" she asked herself. Then she thought about her boyfriend Yanek. She felt a bit of remorse because she cheated on him.

"What did I do? I acted like a complete whore. But this man was so good. His tongue felt so good on my clit. I did not even notice how quickly it came to me. I should see this man another time," she thought.

After about 5 minutes, she started the engine, and drove back slowly, looking around for policemen, she did not want to be caught for driving without a driver`s license.


Svetka Nude In The Bar

Svetka serves tables nude and have sex with stranger.

But a few weeks passed and Svetka was out of money again. She was young eastern European girl, slim, blond, with short hair. Her part -- time job as a waitress was hardly earning enough money for living in a big city. Her landlord reminded her that she is late with her rent payment again, and threatened to evict her. She hardly had money for food and books. An she wanted to buy a new shoes and dress, to dress like every other young woman around her.

She lived in a tiny apartment on a 6th floor, and she was a college student. She attended classes at day time and worked as a waitress in a bar in the evening. She tried going to a modeling agency to become a model, but they did not have job for her.

She sat and thought, "Why am not a millionaire, and why I am not a rich guy's daughter?" That was a foolish question of cause. She did not know her father at all. Svetka was raised by her poor mother in a village and came to the city to escape poverty.

But work in a bar was unfair for a young student. The most crowded days in a bar were weekends. People came in big companies, and talked, smoked, drunk beer. A waitress who served beer for tables on weekend could earn 300 € in tips for one night or more. But weekdays were mostly dull. Rare customers came, drunk one pint of beer and left, often without leaving any tips on a table at all.

Svetka rarely worked on weekends. Weekend night shifts were reserved for senior waitresses who worked in the bar longer than Svetka and who were on more friendly terms with the bar owner Stanley. He was a heavy set man with a bald head. He came early at 2pm every day and watched how his employees cooked, cleaned, loaded supplies to prepare bar for the night. During the night he most of the time sat in his room in the back of the bar and watched TV. Sometimes he asked waitresses to come to his office and locked the door. It was not secret that he had sex with some waitresses on a sofa in his office. Those waitresses who did that most frequently, earned a "privilege" to work on Saturday night shifts which were most profitable.

Svetka and other new waitresses usually worked evening shifts on weekdays, which were easier but payed less money. On the Monday night after her shift Svetka counted money and found that she only earned 60 € in tips for the whole evening. That was not enough for living in this city. She walked home at half past 12 at night, yawning and tired.

Svetka came home, changed her clothes to a sleep dress, and sat on her bed. She thought that working on weekday shifts only was unfair. She thought about how could she increase her earnings. One possible way was to sleep with a bar's owner Stanley more frequently. To tell the truth, she have been in his office and had sex with him on a sofa once or twice. Svetka did not protest. She considered that a necessary price for keeping the job. But she would not enjoy doing it more often.

She noticed that customers tipped her more generously when she was wearing a revealing clothes, like mini skirts or tight tank tops that revealed her breasts shape. She though about that for a moment and came with the idea how she can take that further. "Nudity," she though. "That's what attracts male attention. I will serve tables tomorrow naked."

Next day Svetka came to work in a bar early. She announced:

"Everyone attention please. Today I will serve beer to the tables while completely nude. I will begin in clothes. Then for every pint of beer which I served, I will take one piece of my clothes until I will be completely naked. "

The customers who sat in the bar screamed to show their delight.

The owner of the bar was perplexed but he did not protest. Only other two waitresses looked stern and scandalized. They would not dare to do such thing. Public nudity in eastern Europe is not prohibited. It's more like a personal choice. People often do sunbathing or swimming nude. But rarely people get nude in places like bars.

People which sat at the tables in the bar started ordering beer. When Svetka served beer for the first table, she took off her jacket. After bringing beer to the second table she took off her boots and left standing in socks. After serving another glass of beer she took off her blouse, revealing her bra.

People laughed, cheered her and ordered beer from every table. With the order of next pint of beer she took of her socks and stood on a floor barefoot. With the next order she took off her jeans and left standing in her bra and panties only. With two more orders of beer, she took of her bra and panties too.

People in the bar looked at her in awe and applauded after she took off every piece of clothes.

Her entertainment certainly attracted more customers. People came to the bar and stopped there. The customers who sat at the tables would not leave, waiting for continuation of performance. Men ordered more beer that day than in any other day of the week.

Svetka was happy and excited by the reaction of people. She was in the center of everyone's attention. Usually most people does not even notice a waitress. She is not material for them, like a smog in the bar. But this day everyone's attention was glued to Svetka. She was happy. She smiled to everyone. She felt a familiar sensation of arousal from been nude and watched by many people.

Only she did not expect that it was so cold in the bar. It was winter. Doors of the bar were frequently opened and gusts of cold air came inside from the street. And the tile floor under her feet was as cold as the ice. But that did not upset Svetka. She smiled to customers and served more glasses of beer, smiling and walking naked and barefoot among tables.

She was only annoyed because some customers touched her with their hands when she walked among tabled nude. She tried to ignore that, or said to them politely, "No touching, please," or "Would you like more beer?" But one time she had enough when one drunk man grabbed her butt with his hand. She knew how to deal with the men like that. She turned around and slapped his hand so hard, that the man yelped and winced from pain. People around laughed at him. The man apologized to Svetka immediately. But he felt humiliated and soon he left the bar without leaving any tips on a table.

"Or well," thought Svetka. "This is a small price for keeping my dignity."

After serving tables with countless glasses of beer, Svetka got tired. She asked bar's owner for a half an hour brake. She sat on a sofa in the middle of the bar, relaxing her legs, and took one glass of beer for herself.

She was proud of herself. She did not feel ashamed or embarrassed at all. Svetka felt exited and aroused that evening, she felt eyes of all men looking at her.

During that evening, almost every men in the bar asked Svetka about sex. Some men did that quietly, whispering in her ear, some customers said openly, "Hi, babe, how about doing with me tonight?"... Svetka answered to all of them, smiling, " No way," or "I am not into that."

But one man who sat quietly at the corner table, attracted her attention. He was tall, handsome, with a little of gray in his curly hair. He spoke with a pleasant low voice that Svetka adored in men. She was turned on immediately. Out of all men in the bar right now, she wanted to be with him, and him only. Just from the though of that, she felt wet and warm down there. She could not wait longer. She had to get it now, she thought.

Svetka came to him with a glass of beer, then bent down and whispering in his ear, "Come with me, to the back room, I'll show you something interesting."

She walked to the back of the bar. The man stood up and walked quietly after her. There was a small room in the back with a sofa and a TV, which employees of the bar used for rest when they were not busy. Svetka lay on a sofa on her back and spread her legs wide. She said whispering, "Come to me, cowboy, I want you now."

She did not have to wait any longer. He came down to her, kissed her lips and whispered some meaningless words which always turned women on. He kissed and caressed her breasts nipples. Then he unzipped his pants and took his cock which was long and hard already. He penetrated her and felt hot and wet inside her. She felt his cock moving in and out and moaned.

She thought, "How convenient that I was already naked. No need to waste time to undress."

He thrust forward then backward. She pushed him back a little and said, "Not so fast, cowboy, let me enjoy that too." He slowed down a little and moved his penis around her vagina in a circular motion, then he penetrated again. He jerked his body, and she felt a stream of his warm sperm inside her. She arched her back and screamed in orgasm. Perhaps some customers in the bar could hear her, but smiled and did not say anything about it.

In a few more minutes, they caught their breath. She stood up, smiled sheepishly, and told him "That's enough, cowboy, go back to the bar."

He asked her, if he could see her again.

She said, "You can always find me in this bar. My shifts are from Monday to Thursday."

He nodded his head and left the room. He sat at the table in the bar until the late evening. Then he left.

In the evening, after bar closed, Svetka counted her money. She earned 550 € in one night. That was more than any waitresses usually earned on Saturday night. And she sold more beer that night than the bar usually sells in a week. She was tired and happy. She beat them all. Not even older waitresses could brag about such success in one evening.

Svetka went to the back room to dress in her clothes. She left bar, smiling, and singed all the way while she walked on the night streets. She came home and went straight to bed and slept in her clothes, she did not have strength to undress herself, so tired she was.


Svetka's First Photo Shoot

The story of one difficult nude photo shoot.

"This was a madness, complete madness," she thought all the way, while she walked home from his photo studio. " Why did I agree to do this photo shoot?" The answer of cause was Money. Svetka needed them and soon.

Svetka was a young eastern European girl, slim, fit, with blond hair and short haircut. She was a student and her part -- time job as a waitress in a cafe did not pay enough for her to live in that city. She needed to pay rent for her flat. The mean landlord came yesterday and reminded her that if she won't pay her rent 400 € (Euro) by Saturday she will be on the streets. And then she needed money for food, for bills and books and to send some to her mom who lived in the poor village.

The evening before she opened a newspaper, looking for ads about jobs. Her gaze fell onto an add from Modeling agency, inviting young women to be models. She thought, why not? She could be a model too. She heard that some models earned 1000 € per day or more. She also heard that modeling work was hard and sometimes models had to do some stuff, like sleeping with producers or photographers. She was prepared to do anything to get a job.

Next morning, she opened door of the Modeling agency and approached the lady sitting at the front desk and asked for a job. The lady gave her a sheet of paper with application. Svetka quickly filled an application with answer like address, name, age, height, weight, eyes color, hair color, and so on. She returned the application and the woman indifferently put her paper in a pile of other papers like that, and told Svetka that they will review the application and if they choose her for some job then they would call her next month or so.

But Svetka was not satisfied.

She said "I need money now. Would you look if there is any job I could do today, please?"

"Well, actually we have one order, from a local supermarket, for a model advertising socks, they pay 50 € for that. Would you like to take this job?" asked the woman.

Svetka replied, "Only 50 Euros? That's not enough for me to pay even for my books. Would you look if there is any other job, please?"

"Well," said woman hesitantly. "There is order for a model from one photographer. He says he would pay 1000 € for one photo shoot."

Svetka was exited immediately. She said "Please give me that job. I will sure do it. "

Then woman added, "But you may not want to do that. We already sent ten models to that photographer, but they all returned back, and they all said they did not want it."

"I will do whatever is necessary. Give me the address of that photographer," Svetka said resolutely.

"Very well," said woman with a sigh. "Here is the address of that photo studio. "

"Thank you very much!" exclaimed Svetka, then turned to the door, and left the building.

She almost ran all the way to that address. It was a cold day, in the middle of January, and snowflakes fell down in the air.

Svetka felt exhilarated. She could land a 1000 € job in the first day.

She thought that she would do anything to get this job. Even if it would be necessary to sleep with the photographer she was prepared to do that too.

Svetka opened the door and entered the photo studio. It was slightly dark inside the room. A man was siting at the desk. He looked at her and said in a pleasant low timbre of voice: "Can I help you madame?"

He was older then her, in mid 30s or 40s, but handsome and pleasant masculine looking man.

Her stomach almost has made a flip. She thought that if she had to sleep with that man she would gladly do that.

"I am here from the modeling agency, looking for a job", she said, "They told me you have a job for a photo session, paying 1000 €. "

"Ah, you are a young model," said photographer and smiled.

"Yes, I need a model for new photo shoot. And I will pay you 1000 € after the shoot, if you would agree with that," he added.

"What do I need to do?" she inquired cautiously. His generosity has started to look suspicious.

"We will do a photo shoot tomorrow," he said. "You will pose naked outside, in the snow. "

Svetka was shocked. "In the snow, outside, why?" she asked.

"This an order from a rich client," said photographer. "That's what he required."

Svetka felt shiver already, just from a thought about that.

"May be you don't wanna do that?" said photographer disappointingly. "Then you can go back to you modeling studio and tell them that you declined the work."

Svetka thought for a moment. She wanted to turn back. But then she thought of everything she could by for 1000 €.

"I will do it," she said resolutely. She though that she loved winter games, like skates and skiing, and she was not afraid of cold before. That this will be just like another winter game for her.

Photographer smiled jubilantly. He finally found a good model for this photo shoot.

"Very well." he said, smiling. "Go home now. Come to this photo studio at 9 am tomorrow, we will go to the set in my car. "

She said him good bye, and almost ran to the street, smiling joyfully.

"Yes!" she thought, she landed her first modeling job. It would be a tough job of cause, but she will manage somehow.

But on the way home, she started to feel doubts. "This was a madness, complete madness," she repeated to herself. But in the evening at home she tried to focus on the positive tune. "I will do it. I will do it," she repeated to herself many times. "I will show them how tough I am," she thought.

When she walked to the photo studio next morning, she felt exited, even joyful. She felt a cold air on her face, and a little chilly, under her winter jacket, sweater, jeans and winter boots.

She came to photo studio at a quarter before nine, and said simply, "I am ready."

The photographer smiled, and led her to the door and then to his car. He carried with him a large professional suitcase with his camera and lenses.

They drove in his car to the central city park, which was a favorite place for recreation and sports for local city residents. "But there are people around!" she protested, looking outside.

He told her that the photo shoot will be in a public place and she should not pay attention to that. "People will love that, you will see," he said.

Photographer took his camera and lenses from the case, then told her that they should start now.

She quickly undressed in the car and prepared to opened the door. "Take out your boots, dear," he said smiling. "You must be barefoot too."

"Barefoot?" she exclaimed. She did not expect that coming. But she obeyed him, took off her winter boots and socks, and walked out of the car completely naked and barefoot on a snow.

It was a cold winter day. The temperature was --12° C (about 10° degrees Fahrenheit).

The cold immediately shocked her. It was like tiny pinpricks pinching her everywhere. She yelled and wanted to turn back and jump in the car. But then she looked at he photographer and she felt guilt if she would give up now. She did not want to disappoint him. So she used all her strength and kept going.

She also saw other people in the parking lot. They all turned their heads to her when she got out of the car. Everybody looked at her as if expecting something interesting. She did not want to disappoint them either. Public nudity is not very unusual in eastern Europe. But people were certainly surprised to see a naked and barefooted girl in winter.

It was very cold. But she tried not to show that. She smiled to people, and walked between the cars and out of the parking lot, on the path to the park.

Some people walked, passing by. They were all dressed well, in winter jackets or parkas and boots. She was the only one naked person in that place. She was strolling nonchalantly on the snow covered road.

Sometimes photographer stopped and took pictures with his camera. He asked her try to stand still and not move much when he was taking photos. Then they walked again, down the snow road.

People walked in opposite direction and looked at her astoundingly. Some greeted her with whistles or supporting remarks, but some muttered something unpleasant, or turned away.

They encountered a man who walked with a small dog. Even a dog was dressed in a warm dog jacket to protect from cold. Strange was to see a completely naked girl walking in snow next to the warmly dressed man and a dog.

Two older women walked close to her. They smiled, then stopped and asked why she was doing it, and was she cold? Stupid question, she thought, of cause she was cold, terribly cold, but was it their business?

So she smiled and told them that she is not very cold, and that she liked it.

After about 10 minutes, Svetka started shivering.

The photographer told her, "You should not shiver that much my dear, I can't take good photographs. Please try to control yourself. I know you can."

She stopped for a moment and took a few deep breaths and tried to relax. After a few deep inhales and exhales, she felt how her body relaxed and adjusted to the cold. She stopped shivering and they continued the photo shoot.

After a while, she told photographer, "I am really, really cold now. I cannot even feel my feet. Can we end this photo shoot and go back to the car, please?"

"Yes, we can end shooting and go back," said photographer. "But I will not pay you anything if we end now."

"Why?" asked Svetka, her teeth chattering.

"Because I need to make at least 88 pictures and we made only 40 so far. We need to make 48 pictures more."

"OK, just do it faster, please," pleaded Svetka.

"I cannot do it too fast," said photographer. "I need to focus the camera and find a good place for a new shot every time, so let's keep gong."

They saw men riding on a 4x4 quadracycles. Men stopped and one of them suggested Svetka to sit on his machine. She bravely climbed up and sat in front of a driver, practically on his lap. The man and Svetka were delighted. Svetka liked sitting on a quadracycle. She felt strong heat and vibration from the engine and the seat was comfortably warm under her butt.

She did not see the face of a driver under his helmet, but she felt his excitement and warmth and she noticed hard erection of penis under his suit. She felt excited, nearly orgasmic, and wet in her bottom. Svetka laughed and posed for a photographs sitting on a quadracycle. Then she climbed down, and said good bye to the driver.

Svetka walked close to a bank of a river. At that time of the year the river was completely covered by ice and snow. It was a favorite place for winter sports and activities for local public. People were skiing or simply walked on the ice.

Photographer suggested that she would go down the bank of a river and walked on the ice too. It would be a great for a photo shoot, he said. They walked down the bank of the river.

They meet a man and a woman who walked on the ice. Man and woman were astonished to see naked girl in snow, and stopped to look at her. Svetka greeted them and asked if she could walk together with them. They walked together and photographer took pictures while they talked. Men asked how can she withstand the cold and how long has she has been doing that? Svetka said smiling "It is my first time in the snow, but I managed it. It is not too hard after you got used. "

By that time Svetka fully adjusted to the cold and she felt happy and euphoric. Svetka laughed and enjoyed everybody's attention. She almost forgot about the cold. Svetka felt sexual arousal because photographer looked at her and also all other clothed men and woman around looked at her and cheered her. She felt herself free and powerful. It was strange sensation like she was in a dream or in a fairyland.

She made some snowballs, laughed and threw them at photographer.

She came close to group of people which laughed when they saw her, and asked to take picture with her too. She smiled and stood next to them for a picture. Svetka found some debris and tree branches on the ice. She was disappointed to see trash on the river, so she picked up tree branch and carried to the river bank.

Then she saw a group of people which were cross country skiing. She walked to them and asked what time is it? The women on a skis stopped and looked at Svetka in surprise. A woman looked at her watch and told her the time.

Svetka felt great. She walked back to photographer, while a woman continued watching at her.

Then they saw a man on a skates who was cleaning snow from the ice with a big shovel for an ice hockey play. Svetka came close to him and tried walking on the cleaned ice. It was very slippery and cold, but by that time her poor feet were completely numb and did not feel cold any more.

She asked a man if she can use shovel too, and he allowed her. Svetka took his shovel and shoved some snow from the ice on a hockey field.

Other hockey players watched her with admiration and cheered her with whistles.

Svetka loved their attention, she felt hot because of the way how these men looked at her. She smiled and waved hands to the people around. She almost forgot about the cold.

Then photographer told her, "We made enough pictures and the photo shoot is done. We can go back to our car now."

Svetka was a bit confused. She did not even understand, at first, what he was talking about. She though that she just started enjoying herself and got adjusted to the cold and snow.

"Ok, she said cheerfully, let's go to the car."

She said good bye to the ice hockey players, and started walking back. She was a little confused where to go, so the photographer helped and led her. The bank of river was steep and slippery, she nearly fell, but the photographer took her hand and helped her to climb up the slope.

On the way back she started to feel terribly cold and began shivering again. She was a little dizzy and disoriented from the cold. Photographer helped her, holding her by the elbow. By the time they got to the car she was unable to open the door. Photographer carefully put his camera in the case, and closed it. Then he held the door open and helped her to get in.

The photo shoot lasted 1 hour 15 minutes. All that time she walked naked and barefoot in snow. Her feet were completely numb and she did not feel them. And her skin became red from the cold.

In the car she continued shivering and her teeth were chattering. The cold finally got to her. She could not even dress herself, could not put legs into her jeans. Photographer turned heater to the maximum. After a few minutes the temperature in the cabin increased. She lifted her legs up onto dashboard, to the hot air. After a moment she started to feel pain in her feet. She felt like her soles burning. But she massaged the feet and slowly blood circulation improved. Photographer helped her to finish dressing, pulling on her sweater and her jacket, socks and boots.

By the time they drove back to the photo studio, she was almost all right. They went inside. She sat close to the heater, still shivering. He gave her a cup of very hot coffee which she took happily.

She sat quietly, enjoying warm air and hot coffee.

Then after a while, Svetka stood up and smiled. She needed a human warmth now, his warmth. She looked at photographer and felt wet down there. She would be happy if he would hug her, or kiss, then took her to bed. She wanted him now. She wanted to spread her legs and feel his hard cock inside her. After that she wanted to cuddle with him and sleep on his warm lap. Her body desperately needed it. If he would only took a hint and realized what she wanted.

But he did not took a hint.

He counted her money and put on the desk. She took the money, an put them in her pocket.

"You can go home now," said photographer.

"Yes, I can go," she replied quietly.

She turned and walked to the door. She was disappointed. He did not even so much as looked. "Oh well, some men are dumb, " thought Svetka. "She did that for him, more so then just for the money. And after that, he did not even look at her."

She opened the door and went outside. The sun was bright and the snow was crisp. Air was cold.

She shivered a little. She felt winter chill, even under the sweater and jacket and jeans.

She walked to the bus stop. She got on a bus and sat. On the way home she started shivering and chatting her teeth again. One passenger asked if she was all right? Yes, she said she was all right. Just a bit cold.

She came home, counted money that he gave her, all 1000 €, then climbed to her bed under warm blanket. She was still shivering and felt chills. Her body exhausted after such cold stress. She covered herself with more blankets and tried to sleep.

"This was a madness, complete madness," she thought. She would never ever agree to do photo shoot in the snow naked again.


Svetka In Striptease Club

Svetka tries to work as a stripper in a striptease club.

Svetka was eastern European girl, slim, blond, with short hair. She was a student and she worked part time as a waitress in a bar. She attended classes at day time and worked as a waitress in a bar in the evening. But she was constantly out of money. Her part time job did not pay her well enough. She tried going to a modeling agency to become a model, but they did not have job for her.

Svetka was not afraid to be naked in public. She actually enjoyed that. She learned how she felt aroused and excited when men looked at her naked breasts and body. So, she decided, may be she can make it a profession?

She came to a night club and asked to see a manager. The manager came and she asked if he has a job for her as a stripper.

"May be," said manager. "Can you dance? Can you move on stage?"

"I have my moves," answered Svetka. She liked dancing. She went to dance and disco clubs often. So she was confidant that she can dance well. But that was a different kind of dancing, as she soon learned.

"Have you work as a stripper before?" he asked.

"No," replied Svetka. "But I can dance and I like to be nude, so I am sure that I can do stripping well."

"How old are you?" asked manager. "Show me you papers."

Manager looked at her documents. She was 19 so the age was not an issue.

"Which days can you work?" he asked.

"I can work Saturdays and Sundays," she replied. "I work in the bar on weekdays."

"Very well," said manager. "Come next Saturday night at 5 pm."

Next Saturday, Svetka came to the strip club a quarter before 5.

The manager said, "This is simple. When the music starts, you come on stage. You dance holding by the pole. Then you strip your clothes and the customers throw money on stage. Then in the end you pick up your money."

"Understood," said Svetka. That sounded rather simple.

"We have changing room for strippers in the back of the club," said manager. "Go there and change to your stage costume before the performance. Your first dance will be at 5:30."

"But I don't have a stage costume," said Svetka, sheepishly. "These clothes is all I have today. Can I borrow a stage costume from somebody?"

"You may try to ask other dancers about it," said manager frowning. "But I doubt that anyone would lend to you her costume. Go now and be ready at 5:30."

"And remember," he added to her, smiling shrewdly. "You cannot have sex with customers on the club premises. This is not a brothel. I will fire you immediately, if I catch you doing that in the club."

Svetka was shocked by his rude remark, but replied indifferently "I will remember."

Svetka was upset. She did not have any stage dress or costume. She went to the changing room and asked other strippers to lend her some stage costume. But they only laughed at her, and nobody gave her anything.

"Girl friend," said one woman, smiling. She was wearing shiny silver bikini and a matching high hills stiletto shoes on 10 inch hills. "You must be new here or you would not ask such question."

"Stage costume is like your own trademark. Every stripper has her own and none will lend it to you. You suppose to buy your own stage dress to be ready for performance." Everyone laughed.

Poor Svetka did not know what to do. She was at the verge of tears.

She thought that a stage costume and shoes like that woman wearing might cost at least 400 €. May be more. If she would have that kind of money she would not be here.

She looked at other women in the changing room. Other strippers looked older than her, more mature, with large silicon enhanced breasts, and lots of makeup on their faces. They all had different stage costumes like shiny bikinis or skirts with big feathers.

"No matter," thought Svetka. "I will show them what I am. I am younger, slimmer, prettier, and have natural breasts. May be I won't need a stage costume and lots of makeup, like they do."

When her time came, at 5:30, Svetka went on stage, wearing same clothes in which she came to the club. It was winter, so Svetka came in her sweater, jeans and boots.

When music started Svetka stated dancing. She did not know how exactly she supposed to dance here so she just danced wildly like in teen disco club. Then music changed to slow tune. Svetka thought it was a clue to begin stripping her clothes.

It was hot in the club, so Svetka got sweaty. Svetka started stripping her clothes, holding hand on the pole, like manager said.

She took off her sweater, then her bra and stood there topless, just in her jeans. She sat down and made seducing moves, holding by the pole. Svetka smiled and closed her eyes.

The clientele of the club consisted of foreign tourists, mostly Americans. They liked striptease entertainment more then the typical local men do. Most were older gentlemen who stared at Svetka with excitement and lust in their eyes. She looked fresh and young and sweaty and gorgeous without and special costume or makeup. Men started throwing money on stage under her feet, mostly American dollars, but some Euro banknotes also. Viewers whistled to cheer her for more action.

Svetka felt great. She was always turned on by being nude in front of a public. She waved to audience and made more seducing moves. She took off her boots and left standing in socks. She unzipped jeans slowly and pulled them down half way. Then she pulled of her jeans and panties and left standing just in her socks.

Men started throwing more money on stage. When every banknote landed on stage, Svetka turned to the man who threw it, and said "Thank you." Then she sat down, smiled and showed her butt or boobs to him. Soon she got a mount of banknotes on stage.

Then music suddenly stopped. Svetka bent down on her knees and picked all banknotes from stage, showing her cute round butt to the viewers.

After the performance Svetka went to the back changing room and counted her money in front of other strippers. She has earned $ 140, and 45 €. Then she went to the cashier and he converted her banknotes dollars to Euros. She has got in total 164 €. Other strippers looked at her with envy.

"Not bad, for the first performance," said to her the same woman in silver bikini. "I see that you can handle that without a costume."

"Thank you, " said Svetka smiling. "I hope I can improve it."

"You dance all right, schoolgirl," said the woman in silver bikini. "But your moves are pitiful. You should move your ass close to their face and roll your butt slowly in circular motion, to give them a better look on your genitalia."

Svetka winced from that words, but said politely, "Thank you for advise. I am Svetka, by the way."

The woman smiled sardonically and said in reply, "I am Anetka, but everyone calls me Mimi."

"Nice to meet you, Mimi," smiled Svetka. She has got her first friend here.

Svetka performed same repertoire one more time that evening, at 8:30. That time she earned 155 €.

Not bad for a first evening, thought Svetka happily.

But she soon learned that most money are not made on stage there. A stripper earns more money by taking a client to a private room in the back of the bar, and stripping exclusively for him, moving her boobs or her butt or vagina close in front of the customer's face, sometimes just a few inches from his nose. Some customers pay $ 60, or more, for such performance.

A stripper can earn even more money by having sex with the customer. However strippers were not allowed to do sex on the club's premises.

"This is not a brothel," said Anetka, smiling. She explained all that to Svetka while they sat in the changing room, waiting their time for performance.

Anetka whispered, "Some strippers have sex quietly with clients, in the lady's bathroom. But better to take client to the Motel across the street. It is safe and more private and Motel has special rooms reserved for that at night." Anetka smiled shrewdly.

Svetka felt sick after these words, and she thought that she wanted to go to the bathroom and threw up, but she held her breath, and the desire to threw up passed.

Svetka left the club at 10 pm, and went to a bus stop to get home. She earned 319 € that evening. Not bad for a new strip dancer. She did not take men to the private room for performance, neither did she take men to the Motel rooms across the street.

But she did not feel very happy. That job felt almost like a prostitution to her. She decided she would not work in that club again. She thought that may be she could find another club, where conditions of work are different.


Svetka Nude In A Bowling
by longtoad85667

Exhibitionist Svetka nude at the party in a bowling club.

This is another episode about young exhibitionist model Svetka. In the first episode, Svetka delivered pizza topless and had sex with a stranger. In the second episode, Svetka completed her first nude photoshoot and earned 1000 €. In the third episode, she served beer in a bar naked. In the fourth episode, Svetka tried to work in a striptease club.

Svetka was an eastern European girl, slim, blond, short hair. She attended classes in the daytime and worked as a waitress in a bar in the evening. Svetka was not afraid to be naked in public. She enjoyed that and used every opportunity to show herself. She loved the attention when men looked at her body. It made her feel aroused and horny and powerful.

One of her friends, a young engineer Stashek invited her to his company annual party, which took place in a bowling club. Stashek was not her boyfriend, and he barely knew Svetka. They got acquainted recently. But Stashek called and invited her to accompany him to this party. Svetka agreed to go with him.

Svetka and Stashek came to the bowling club in a taxi. They got inside the club and joined the crowd with Stashek coworkers. In the beginning, it was fun at the party. They rolled bowling balls, laughed, joked, cheered each other for every successful roll.

But soon the party got boring for Svetka. People ate pizza, drunk beer, and talked about their work problems. Men around her were all engineers from the same high-tech company. They talked among themselves about fiber-optic cables, satellite receivers, and lots of other stuff on which Svetka had absolutely no idea.

Her friend Stashek engaged in a discussion with another man about the new satellite receiver. Even some women who were at the party joined the conversation about fiber-optic cables. As it turned out, they were engineers too. Svetka did not understand a word of what they discussed. She just sighed and rolled her eyes when somebody asked her opinion. After all, she was just a young woman and a waitress, not an engineer.

Svetka just wanted to leave quietly and go home, but she did not want to upset Stashek. He seemed such a good young man. Svetka thought that she might like Stashek if she get to know him better. He was handsome, intelligent, he had money, and he had such a good profession. But how to stand that boring party she would not know.

Suddenly she got the idea. She decided to make the party more interesting in her way. She stood up and announced that she wants to undress and roll bowling balls naked. That has got everyone's attention immediately. She suggested splitting into two teams. "Who wants to be in a team with me?" she asked cheerfully.

Nudity is not prohibited in eastern Europe. It's more like a personal choice of clothing. People often do sunbathe and swimming nude. But been nude in a public place like a bowling club was quite unusual.

Svetka quickly undressed in front of a public, took the first ball, and rolled it, hitting 10 pins out of 10. The crowd exploded with cheers. Svetka rolled another ball, but this time she hit only 6 pins. Soon everyone looked at Svetka, laughed, and cheered.

Svetka got everyone's attention. She was the queen of the party. Svetka made a lot of new friends that evening. Guys looked at her, whistled, cheered, and looked with envy at Stashek because he's got such a hot girlfriend. She brought the fun to the party again.

Soon another young woman decided to join Svetka too. She undressed and joined the game rolling bowling balls. "I am Magda, " She introduced herself to Svetka.

Magda was a short slim dark-haired Asian-looking girl. Other women engineers looked at them sternly, at first, because they did not dare to undress nude in front of coworkers. But soon they got used to Svetka's mischievous behavior and played and laughed with everyone.

After rolling balls for one hour, Svetka got tired and sweaty. She sat down at the table with new friends to eat pizza and drink a glass of cold beer. Her friend Stashek looked at her with admiration. Everyone envied him that he's got such a sexy and free-spirited girlfriend.

Svetka always felt horny when men looked at her when she was nude. Her desire became stronger. She went to the lady's bathroom and touched herself on the vagina, then smelled her hand. She felt the unmistakable smell of wet horny pussy. She looked at her reflection in the mirror, adjusted her hair, then returned to the bowling room and sat at the table with Stashek, smiling mischievously.

She glanced at Stashek and thought that she must get his penis inside her, now. She felt wet down there. She could not hold it anymore.

Svetka bent to the Stashek's ear and whispered to him "Let's go with me". Svetka and Stashek stood up and he walked after her. Svetka came to the bar table and asked the barmen in a sweet voice if there was any private room in the back of a club? The bartender looked at them solemnly and said no, the clients are not allowed to go to the back of the club. Stashek got a little upset. But Svetka knew well, how to deal with the staff members of the club. She worked in another bar as a waitress herself, and she knew the right way.

"Do you have some change?" she asked Stashek with a smile.

He pulled his wallet and gave her some banknotes.

Svetka took a 10 € banknote and put it on a bar table and repeated her question. The bartender took a banknote and said to her quietly, "There is a locker room in the back, for employees of the club. Go there and do what you want."

"Only don't stay there for too long, or other employees may come in," he added, smiling shrewdly.

Then he gave Svetka the key to the room. Svetka smiled, took the key, and walked to the backroom, holding Stashek by the hand.

They came to a small locker room in the back, where employees usually change their clothes before and after work. There were lockers and padded benches. Additionally, there was a shower cabin in a room. Svetka sat on a bench and smiled at Stashek. He was slightly embarrassed initially. After all, he never had sex with anyone in such a place before.

"Come on cowboy, don't let me wait," said Svetka to him encouragingly. Stashek bent to her and started kissing her lips, then her neck and shoulders. Svetka giggled and moaned. Stashed touched her nipples with his hands and took her hard standing nipple into his mouth. Svetka laughed and giggled. She liked that. Svetka thought, "How convenient that I was nude already. Don't need to undress."

Then she lay on her back on the bench and spread her legs, exposing her cleanly shaved vagina. Stashek bent to her and licked her clit with his tongue.

"Mmm," he made a sound. "You are sweet pussy."

Svetka just moaned with pleasure. Stashek started undressing, taking off his clothes frantically. He took off his shoes too. Suddenly he slipped on a slippery tile floor and nearly fell on top of her. He was a bit embarrassed, but she just laughed.

Stashek took his hard cock and touched her vagina, it was wet and warm already. Stashek penetrated her. Svetka moaned, feeling his hard cock inside her. He started thrusting moving forward and backward. She moaned and grabbed his ass with her hands, pulling him inside stronger. Stashed jolted as if from the electric charge, and she felt a stream of his warm sperm filling her vagina. She screamed and arched her back and she had a wild orgasm.

They stopped for a moment to catch their breath. Then he pulled his penis out and sighed. Svetka smiled and kissed him.

Then they both took a shower quickly. Somebody started knocking and banging on the door outside the room. Probably club's employees need the locker room too.

Svetka screamed to them, "just a moment!" Svetka and Stashek dressed quickly and rushed out of the changing room. They left the club at 11 p.m. The party was already over, all the other guests left. Stashek got a taxi and took Svetka home.

She parted with him in front of her house. Stashed said to her, "Thank you, it was my best bowling party ever! I enjoyed it very much."

"Me too," replied Svetka, smiling.

*This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, business, events, and incidents are the products of the author's imagination.

But the photo shoot like that has been done, Naked bowling.

