Wednesday

Holmes's reactions to music are unlike those of any other man I have ever known. So far as I can tell, from my own observations and his comments on the matter, his experiences as a listener are, while not strictly sexual, of almost the same level of intensity. For him, a symphony is to the aural sense what lovemaking is to the tactile: a gradual augmentation of anticipation, extraordinarily pleasurable and made more so by elements which are unexpected, or rhythmic, or particularly forceful, capped by a moment when all these disparate elements build into a crashing climax, and followed, generally, by a shorter period of diminution and settling-down. I do not mean to imply that the comparison manifests itself in his physical responses--to put it bluntly, he does not spend his trips to the symphony attempting to conceal the uncomfortable state of his trousers--but it would not be too much to call his reaction to the peak of a piece of music a mental orgasm, and he cherishes that sensation quite as dearly as its physical counterpart.

Apart from a few occasions on which an afternoon with his violin had prompted him to drag me quite enthusiastically to his bed, Holmes and I had never attempted to mix his two favourite pleasures. When I recalled on Wednesday morning that we had tickets to the symphony that night, however, the opportunity seemed too promising to pass up. And when it further occurred to me that, while the concert hall was a public place, we should have our box entirely to ourselves, I knew I should have to be a positive imbecile to waste the advantage.

I suspect that we both took rather more care than was necessary with our dress that night. Anyone else would have said that Holmes looked just a bit dishevelled, his hair not quite in its usual state of perfect sleekness, his tie a fraction of an inch askew. I knew, however, that he had done these things deliberately, and done them for me. He was only too well aware that my instinctive reaction to his dishabille is a thrill of possessiveness. The ideally turned-out model of perfection is the rest of the world's Sherlock Holmes, but seeing him in a state of muss is my own peculiar prerogative, and these tiny hints of disorder were his way of reminding me that he was mine. Subtle as it was, that crooked tie came as near to breaking me as any of his far more blatant strategies.

My own increased attention to attire was directed much more straightforwardly. I simply took the time and care necessary to ensure that I looked my best, and left it at that. When we met up in the sitting room, however, the appreciation in his eyes was obvious, however much he tried to hide it, and convinced me that I had not done altogether badly.

"Shall we?" I asked, gathering my coat and hat from the stand by the door.

How he did it, I shall never know. I do not wonder much about the uncanny speed with which he crossed the room, for that is the sort of display which is typical of Holmes. But how he managed to back me into a wall, his hands planted on either side of my head, without touching me for even a second, I may (and probably shall) labour for the rest of my life to puzzle out. The smells of his nearness filled my nostrils--soap and pomade and the underlying layer of his own scent, which is something like cedar and something like clove with uncultured undertones, deep below the surface, of sweat and musk. His eyes burned into mine.

"We could, Watson. Or we could stay here. I am certainly looking forward to Mr. Dvořák's newest symphony--by far his most accomplished effort to date, they say--but I can think of one or two other pastimes which might induce me to postpone the pleasure of hearing it."

"Nonsense, Holmes," I said, reminding myself of my plan and managing to keep my voice steady in spite of his nearness. "I should never ask you to sacrifice a pleasure you hold so dear as music."

"Not even in favour of a pleasure I hold dearer still?" he asked, and I swear to heaven that the man nuzzled my neck without touching me at all. I felt it, though I knew full well that we had not actually come into contact.

"There is no such thing," I replied, biting back a groan. "I am not a jealous man, nor do I have cause to be so where other human beings are concerned, but I admit that, on occasion, the effect of an orchestra on you, or the way you touch your violin, makes me positively burn with envy."

"And yet now, at my moment of greatest desire, you would trust me to my other lover, rather than staking your own claim?"

"I do not doubt your affection for me," I replied. "The fact that you would offer to stay home from the symphony in favour of taking me to bed is more than sufficient."

"I do not believe that we should make it to the bed. I am not sure we should even get as far as the settee. I suspect that, if you kissed me now, you should very shortly find yourself with your back against the door to the hall, and I should very shortly find myself on my knees, with your cock in my mouth."

Neither I nor the organ he had just mentioned was unaffected by that filthy statement, especially with him standing so very, very near. "We shall be late, if you do not let me free." It was, I confess, more a moan than a steady declaration.

"Then let us be late," he said. "Touch me, John."

He spoke the words in his most commanding voice, the one which must strike a chord in any man trained for military service, and which long years of partnership have made particularly effective on me. I never had to train myself to accept that voice. I obeyed it from the first day of our acquaintance, and have spent the subsequent decade-and-a-half conditioning myself not to respond to it, when I choose. Even a year before, I should, I think, have been compelled by that voice. But I become a bit better able to resist it every day, and I therefore possessed just enough self-restraint to answer him, "Holmes, if you would move away, I should be very sincerely obliged."

He sighed then, his shoulders slumping, and did as I asked. I was not nearly so relieved as I ought to have been--not until we had collected our hats and coats and stepped out onto the street, when he immediately linked his arm with mine. Never had I so resented the laws of decency (not to mention the laws of England) that prevented any more intimate touch amongst the wider world.

The cab-ride passed uneventfully. As the carriage was a closed one, and we were therefore shut behind doors and unable to touch without losing our bet, we spent most of the journey attempting to keep our knees from knocking against each other in that narrow space, and chatting of this and that. Our increased fussiness as to dress and our little diversion in the sitting-room had indeed made us very nearly late, but we hurried up to our usual box (which was set aside for our use whenever we wished it by the grateful owner of the concert hall, a Mrs. Helena Grice Paterson, for whom we had done some service long ago). Holmes pulled aside the curtain for me with a flourish and we ducked inside, settling into our seats just as the lights were dimmed and the orchestra began to tune.

There were a few shorter pieces played before the symphony began. Among these, the only one which I specifically recall was a lovely étude by Chopin, in E major, I believe. It was a beautiful piano piece with a strong clear melody, but turbulent; it rushed from soft sweet moments of pianissimo to crashing forte with a speed which ought to have been abrupt, but was not. It was just the sort of piece guaranteed to catch Holmes. Sure enough, when I glanced over, I saw that his eyes were closed, his hands gripping at the armrests, something profound twitching through the muscles of his face. A stranger who witnessed only this side of Holmes would suppose him tremendously sentimental, but that would be a serious misjudgment. He is terribly sensitive, but that is not at all the same thing. A sentimental person is unusually receptive to specific circumstances, that which is tragic or sweet; Holmes is unusually receptive to everything. The screeching of his senses and the rushing of his mind are both his blessing and his curse. For better or worse, his sensitivity is what makes him who he is: the virtuoso and the depressive and the addict and the genius. And, I ought to mention, the devoted and passionate lover as well.

The Chopin piece was a short one, and when it was done, and the enthusiastic applause had faded, the rest of the orchestra came to attention. Holmes always looks something like a hound who has caught a scent in the moments before a piece begins, so keen is his anticipation. On this occasion, the Chopin had left him even more hyper-aware. He practically trembled as the conductor lifted his baton, and when it fell a tremor passed through his entire form. My plans were looking more promising by the moment.

The Dvořák symphony, the composer's ninth, began gently, coaxingly, with a long phrase that eased the listener forward and culminated in a pair of teasing false stops, then repeated. Suddenly, there was a blaring of horns, a darting of strings and a crashing of percussion, and the mood changed entirely to something dangerous and brooding. Good and bad, I thought. Such an aggressive tone was hardly suited to seduction, but the emotion of the music was running so high already that it was certain to keep Holmes on the edge of his seat.

I was determined not to rush things. I wished I had thought to sneak off to listen to the orchestra rehearse this afternoon, for it would have been of use to know the symphony I had to work with; as it was, all I knew was that it had been described by critics as "driving" and "forceful". Thus much had already been borne out, but I had hopes that the tone would become rather less confrontational as the piece continued. As it was, I decided to wait for the proper opening before beginning my attack. The whole of the first movement continued in tones alternately brooding and triumphant, all of it entirely too explosive for my purposes, and so I simply sat and enjoyed it and bided my time.

The second movement, however, dawned far more promisingly. It was based around a simple lilting line, meandering leisurely along, almost a lullabye in its gentleness. This, I decided, was my moment. As the symphony wound its way through the measures, I moved my leg sideways to brush my knee delicately against Holmes's. He gave a slight half-start but did not open his eyes, which I took as an excellent indication--it proved that he was still adequately aware of his body to feel my attentions, but also sufficiently caught up in the music to prevent him stopping me. When he did not move away, I circled my knee slowly against his and dragged it upwards, scraping gently along the outer edge of his thigh until I was blocked by the arm of his chair. For a moment I lingered there, careful not to rush, and then stretched out an arm and repeated the same set of motions, in time with the repetition of that slow sweet line of melody, with my fingertips against his hand and arm. There came a moment when the flutes rang out clear, and here my hand moved to his neck, my fingers sliding in and out of his hair with the advance and withdrawal of those shining silver notes.

When the flutes had had their moment of emphasis, the symphony slipped back to its candied whisper, seeming determined to keep to that pace and tone for some time. That suited my purposes admirably. I moved my hand to Holmes's, lifted it from its resting place, and drew it over to my mouth. For the next five minutes, as the music floated and skipped in its sweet pastoral melody, I lavished his hand every way that I knew how (and I cannot deny that, while no man can know everything about anything, I come very well near it where Holmes's hands are concerned). For a while I teased his palm with nothing more than my breath and the occasional brush of my nose, then slowly brought my moustache into play. As I dragged my lower lip tenderly along the bottom edge of his hand, his little finger extended for me of its own accord, encouraging me to follow its line. I complied, and, when I reached the end of that journey, kissed his fingertip with parted lips, just grazing it with my tongue. Then I transferred my attentions to the opposite side of his hand, tickling the pad of his thumb with my tongue and moving to scrape the webbing between thumb and forefinger with my teeth, concluding the manoeuvre with a deep kiss to his palm.

Throughout the whole, I had attempted to keep pace with the orchestra as best I could. When the tempo began suddenly to speed I planted a rapid series of kisses over the back of his hand, and at a sharp, blaring crescendo slipped his ring finger into my mouth as far as the second knuckle and sucked at it emphatically. At this he gave his first indication of truly reacting, a tiny sound in the back of his throat which I should not have heard had I not been straining my ears for it. The symphony settled swiftly back into gentility, and I slid his cuff button undone to nuzzle at his wrist. Between this occupation and the occasional soft kiss to the same spot, we passed sedately to the end of the second movement.

During the pause between movements I slipped from my seat and moved around to stand behind him. I might have worried about being seen, but this being a Wednesday night the box across from us was empty, and we were outside the easy line-of-sight of any other part of the concert hall (except, of course, for the stage, but between their concentration and the glare of the footlights I had no fears in that direction). As I had suspected, this movement began far more strongly than the last. As the first notes rang out through the hall, I buried my face in Holmes's neck and felt him shudder, though I was impeded by his collar and tie. For the first minute or so of the movement the orchestra surged and I imitated them as best I could, wrapping my hands around Holmes's forearms and laying waste to his neck with my lips. Whether I or the symphony was responsible for his struggles for breath I cannot say, but I think I certainly can claim credit for the way he arched back in his seat, pushing his neck against my mouth.

It seemed a long while before the pace and volume of the music grew less intense, though I know it was not truly many seconds. When it began at last to quiet, the orchestra settled into a steady, driving rhythm beneath the same lyrical theme. I punctuated each measure with a kiss to his ear, lengthening these occasionally to a lick when the notes grew rather longer, my hands beginning to roam over his shoulders, his arms, his chest. As the music grew impassioned once again I found myself with my arms wrapped fully around him, pulling him into as close an embrace as his chair would allow, my mouth enveloping the entirety of his ear and my tongue pillaging it mercilessly. I knew now just how much I was affecting him; he quite literally shook within the circle of my arms. This time the crescendo was soon past, and as the orchestra settled into a playfully tripping pace, I moved to kneel beside his chair and lifted a hand to turn his face towards me. Holmes's lips met mine with eagerness and he fell in with my tempo willingly--less, I think, from a wish to be cooperative than because he was too caught up in the piece to do anything else. While the music built and eased, swelled and waned, his tongue thrust and parried against mine. I gradually contrived, though still kissing him, to slip around his chair until I knelt between his legs. As the third movement built to its final peak, one of my hands rested on his and the other grasped him firmly by the back of the neck. I kissed him with all my heart; he replied with reciprocal fervor. Our breath gave out just at the moment when the orchestra settled into silence.

The fourth and final movement of the symphony had Holmes' hackles up--in the best sense--before its fifth note. The tension in those opening phrases was so palpable that I shivered with them myself. As the strings blared out my hands moved their way up Holmes' thighs, kneading his flesh in a series of none-too-gentle caresses. When the brass joined in, I moved my hand up and slipped a thumb beneath the waistline of his trousers, tracing it back and forth over the smooth skin beneath. Holmes's entire face contorted at that, his mouth opening wide in a silent scream; when the strings returned to prominence and I transfered my fingers to his buttons, his eyebrows nearly collided with his hairline and his eyes fluttered open for the first time since the symphony had begun. I placed one finger against my lips, more as a way of teasing him than a caution to silence, and watched his eyes drift shut again as I began on the buttons of his drawers. I had just freed his prick from the confines of his trousers when the pace of the symphony grew frantic, far too rapid for me to have matched without becoming ridiculous. For a moment I was at a loss as to the best course, until it occurred to me that to move at half the orchestra's tempo would maintain the same connection to the music. I bent my head down and drew my tongue along his length, changing my direction with every other upbeat and sparing the occasional measure for a kiss, noting with satisfaction the way Holmes' breath hitched and stuttered.

After a time, the orchestra wore itself out and slowed, spending a brief time in minor before another of those high sweet appeals on the flute. I moved a hand to wrap around his shaft, sliding my palm up and down in time with this more sedate tempo. When the strings began once again to blazon out strong I maintained the steady pace of my hand but punctuated its effects with brief touches of my lips to the tip of his prick. Next the notes turned playful and I varied the movement of my hand, teasing him with twists of my fingers and pressure that slackened and increased. For some minutes the symphony continued to alternate between the deeper, more serious notes, when I stroked him firmly, and the lighter moments, when I slackened my grip somewhat but supplemented my hand with my mouth. All the while the music was gaining slowly in speed and power and, when the orchestra came to what I judged would be the penultimate crescendo, I finally stopped teasing and took the first few inches of Holmes's prick fully into my mouth, leaving my hand wrapped around his base. The tempo almost immediately reverted to largo and so did my motion, my lips sliding up and down at a tortuously measured pace. The symphony wandered playfully, reaching little crests and breaking again, and I followed it. And then it began to move again in earnest, building to what was clearly the high point of the entire piece. The intensity of Holmes's desire was obvious now--not only, of course, in the ways that anyone would have noticed, but in a myriad of subtler indications: the muscles of his stomach had gone entirely taut, and his fingers never stopped moving, and his neck tilted to the left at precisely the proper angle, and he seemed to have given up on breathing altogether. I knew very well that his body was so attuned to the music that he would inevitably climax when it did, only a few notes hence.

Unless, of course, I immediately pulled away from him and retired to my own seat.

The look on Holmes' face then was one I see very rarely. The only occasion in the past six months when I could recall it making an appearance was on the day in spring when the abominable Woodhouse caught up with us at last and managed to break Holmes's arm before I had time to press my revolver to that blackguard's temple. It is an expression of dual pains for Holmes: that of physical discomfort, and of the mental anguish that comes of knowing that he has been foiled. As the final notes of the symphony rang through the hall and the audience burst into peals of applause, Holmes sat absolutely still, wearing that profound grimace, not bothering even to look at me.

I began, suddenly, to feel that I may have miscalculated. I had counted on his unsated desire, hoping that he would immediately drag me home to satisfy his need. The deadly calm with which he began slowly to do up his buttons, however, did not seem to bode well for that possibility. When I had given my final clap and Holmes still had not moved more than his hands, I became positively nervous. I should not like to characterize my actions in standing up and making as though to leave the box as a retreat. It was a calculated manoeuvre, intended to entice Holmes into following.

I was halfway through the curtain before Holmes's hand caught a fistful of my jacket and hauled me back inside. Before I knew what was happening he had thrown me against the back wall of our box--not entirely gently--and was pinning me there with his body, one of his legs bent between mine and one of his hands trapping my wrists above my head. The Holmes of a few minutes ago, the artist overcome with the beauty of the music and the feeling of my hands and mouth on him, was nowhere to be seen. This was Holmes nearly as angry as I have ever known him.

"You, Watson, have just deprived me--willfully--of what ought to have been the most sublime erotic experience of my entire existence," he growled, his eyes flashing. "What, precisely, have you got to say for yourself?"

"What have I got to say for myself?" I repeated incredulously, emphasizing the ridiculousness of the question. "Well, Holmes," I went on in an exaggerated tone, "I should say that, having certainly been responsible for what stands at present as your most sublime erotic experience--and for a bare minimum of the following hundred by rank--I have perhaps done more good than harm in that respect.

"That is no excuse. I have no intention of pardoning you on the grounds of past service." The knee between my thighs pressed upwards mercilessly. It is entirely too possible that I whimpered--the more so as I had certainly not escaped unaffected from our little encounter myself.

"Then what do you plan to do about it?"

He smiled, but with no warmth behind his eyes. If I did not trust him so entirely, I might almost have been frightened, but this was Holmes. "You mean, do I intend to...persuade you to finish what you have started, right here and now, whether you have any particular inclination to it or no?" He let it hang in the air for a moment, but then went on, "I think you know that I am not so unsubtle as to take any satisfaction in that, Watson. No..." he ran his index finger along my jawline, tilting my face upwards when he came to my chin. "I simply intend to repay you in kind." He pressed the full length of his body against me for one burning moment, brought his mouth to my earlobe, and bit down sharply. By the time my gasp had passed my lips, he had moved away.

"Come along, Watson!" he called, the curtain of our box ruffling in his wake. As soon as I could force my brain to unfog, I hurried after him.

The cab ride home was a silent affair. He did not wait for me as I paid the driver, but strode rapidly down the street, through our door, up the stairs. I followed with some trepidation; one never knew what to expect from Holmes in this sort of mood. When I entered the sitting room, it was to find him with violin in hand, tuning. His head darted up when I walked in. "Sit," he commanded curtly, gesturing at my armchair. When I hesitated, he crossed over to me and backed me across the room, retreating before him, until I stood just before the chair in question. Then the arm that held his bow extended, and he guided me into my seat with its tip. He leaned down, and held my eye in his hypnotic way.

"I am well aware that, generally speaking, other men do not experience music as I do--even you, Watson. I do not believe, however, that any sort of unusual talent is required to feel music as I feel it. It is simply a matter of a certain sympathy between the soul of a piece and that of the listener. Given the right piece of music, any man with any kind of feeling may be brought to his knees. And whatever your other qualities, Watson, no one could accuse you of lacking in feeling. So you will stay there, and you will listen, and you will understand what it is you snatched away from me tonight."

I shivered. "Holmes," I began, attempting to rise from my chair. Once again his bow found my sternum, more forcibly this time, and pushed me back.

"You will listen."

My mouth was dry and my heart pounding. This time his voice was so charged with command that I could not resist, try as I might. So I stayed where I was, and I listened.

His violin and bow swung to his shoulder so smoothly that it was difficult not to believe them a part of himself. He began with a single note held long and clear and lingering--a test, I think, of my attention and my receptiveness. Then he began, slowly, to play for me.

I recognized the first theme he introduced from many prior performances, but I had never before understood that it was him I was hearing. In retrospect I am not sure how I could ever have missed it; I suppose that I did not know it because, before, he had not wished me to. His theme was sad and sweet and dark and lyrical and grand, exposing those sides of his nature which at all other times he attempts to conceal. I am an admittedly biased observer, but I cannot believe that anyone who heard that line of melody and knew it for what it was could possibly have helped loving him. It was as beautiful and profound a bit of music as the man himself.

He did not linger overlong on this theme that was himself, no matter how much I wished he would, tarrying only long enough to expand it fully and implant it in my ears before another familiar strain crept its way in. This new air was steady and strong and immediately appealing, and yet with the occasional unexpected--but never discordant--minor chord slipped in where one would least expect it. It took me longer than it ought to have to understand that this was my leitmotif. At first listen, it was nothing whatever like Holmes's, yet the transition between the two had been effortless, and when, after a good while expanding on my theme in increasingly tender strains, he began to incorporate his own, I found that they blended impeccably. It was more than a simple harmony, for each line seemed to brighten and to deepen when mixed with the other, and neither was permitted to seize the limelight. They did not duel but melded, in a way that was marvelous to hear. And even if the music itself had not been lovely, even if I had not known what he and his bow and strings were trying to say, the look on his face as he played it would still have quickened my breath.

At first, he played this new compound theme--us--straightforwardly, until its meter matched my pulse or my pulse its meter, I am not sure which. Once he had bound the notes to my heartbeat he began gradually to increase the both of them. At the same time, however, the piece became somehow more staccato, its beat more pronounced, and every now and then he would bring the thing nearly to a halt and start to build again from the beginning. He also took to adding little flourishes, distractions from the main theme which kept it from becoming predictable. Every tone seemed now to be working its way into my body. Those miniature divertissements were caresses, every one, each raising goose flesh over some new part of me. As his rhythm became more and more driving I found my hips shifting minutely in time, but I had no self-discipline to spare to prevent those tiny thrusts. It took all I had to keep some small part of my brain for myself as more and more of my mind was swept away, becoming part of Holmes and of his music. I had long since forgotten our bet, but I could no more have touched him than I could have walked away. He was not a man, then, not a thing of blood and bone. He was made of notes and phrases and melodies, and as lost in them as I was. He swayed his way around the sitting-room, led by his own violin. He did not draw near or lean over my shoulder or tease me with his eyes, as he would have done if his purpose had been to draw me into his bed. He belonged to his music as surely as I belonged to him. There is no doubt that, as he bowed faster and faster, my body became more and more full of something which it seems very inadequate to call tension, but, while I did want to make love to him more than I can readily express, what I felt was not really sexual desire. It was so very, very much more than that.

For what must have been an hour he played with me, setting every nerve in my body afire and then easing off a bit only to torment me the more. And then he began what I was sure from the first was the ultimate crescendo of our sonata, increasing the pressure within me until I was sure I would split apart at the seams. I would never have dreamed than anyone, even Holmes, could have accomplished such a thing without touching me; it would have been a feat enough to provoke such intense feelings even with the full use of our bodies. My mind was suddenly full of the image of exactly what it would take to bring me to that state without music. I could taste Holmes' sweat, feel the soft skin of his shoulder beneath my lips, and see the strange shape of our intertwined bodies--'the beast with two backs,' I thought wildly--as he bent over my prone form with my knees pulled up on either side. I was delirious, unmoored. The anchor of self I had clung to had been rent from my grasp, and I existed now only in the notes he played and in the fantasy of our lovemaking which I was no longer certain was only in my head. Were we in his bed, conjoined in that most perfect, primal way, his face before my eyes alight with ecstasy? Or was I alone in my armchair, listening to him play me out of my senses? Did it matter? And after that there was not even the fantasy--there was only the building, and the building, and the building, and just beyond my grasp lay either death or sheer divinity or both...

And then he stopped. Not brought the piece to a conclusion, or resolved the dissonance; just stopped.

My eyes flew open. I was suddenly John Watson again, panting and gasping and wide-eyed and a fool in my own armchair by the fire. Once I had regained some small semblance of sanity, I thought to look for Holmes, and found that he had sunk on the hearthrug, his instrument still clutched in his hands. The instinct to care for him overrode all other considerations. I knelt beside him on unsteady limbs. As I gripped his violin and bow and tugged them gently from his grasp he glanced up, met my eyes. That wild otherness that had ridden me while he played still burned behind his eyes.

"That," Holmes said hoarsely, in a voice darker and yet, somehow, more innocent than his own. "That is what you did to me."

I swallowed hard, but did not try to avoid his eyes. "I'm sorry." My voice seemed to have undergone the same metamorphosis as his.

He nodded once. "You did not know," he replied, and I knew that what he meant was 'you are forgiven.'

We grew silent again and stared at each other, too overwhelmed still for anything more. After what seemed a long time he reached out a hand and ran it over my face--not touching me, but no less an intimate caress for that. When he leaned forward tonight, it was not in imitation of a kiss. I was inexpressibly glad of that. I did not want to kiss him, nor he to kiss me; it would have meant nothing, just then. But he very nearly rested his forehead against mine, and it was beautiful.

"Good-night, John," he said softly.

"Good-night, Sherlock." I do not often use his given name; he is not particularly fond of it, and neither am I. But I used it then because there is power in that which is secret and unspoken, power in things lost and things left behind, and power, too, in true names. He did not flinch at it, and so I knew he understood.

We looked at each other for one long moment more, then rose in tandem and made our ways to our separate beds. Neither of us made the slightest sound. I should not have been surprised to find that we could have walked through the walls. When, after what might have been hours or seconds of wakefulness, I succumbed to slumber, I dreamed of Holmes asleep within my skin, and, even as I slept, I had not the slightest doubt that he was dreaming the same dream.