Everything's not fine. The conclusion.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Money, Part 5 (Mf, cons, inc, oral, preg)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Janey asked her dad if he could buy condoms, but he said that if her mother found them she'd blow her stack because it would be obvious that Mike was cheating on her. Janey offered to keep them in her room, but he confessed that her mother actually searched Janey's room off and on for drugs and stuff, so they'd be found and then she'd be the one in trouble. Janey was pretty pissed off about that revelation.

With that, and despite Janey's belief that she was unlikely to get pregnant from one accidental insemination, she decided that she would avoid having sex with her stepdad again, at least until her next period arrived.

They continued to give each other oral pleasure, though, every night that her Mom wasn't home, which was most nights. Mike was happy, not only for the regular sex, but because he didn't have to spend $40 every time he got his dick sucked. He had been afraid that his wife would notice the odd withdrawals from their joint bank account.

Janey figured that Trissa's period should have arrived by that point, but she couldn't think of any way to casually broach the subject with her best friend without revealing that her stepdad had, in fact, cum inside Trissa, so Janey kept silent. If Trissa missed her period then she would mention it to Janey because her dad would be the obvious reason for that, right?

---

Then, a week later, Janey figured enough was enough. The sixty-nines were getting her off, but that morning she woke up super horny and missed having the huge orgasms she got when her dad's above-average-sized cock was inside her. She got up and headed to his room, dropping her clothes to the floor as she went.

She walked right in. Her stepdad was still asleep, his mouth drooling on his pillow. She snickered. He woke.

"Erm...Janey? Holy..." He was wide awake now, beholding her sexy, teen nakedness.

She jumped onto him, kissing him passionately. They hadn't actually kissed since the first night they had fucked...no, made love, she realized. He had been caring and gentle out of love for her.

She reached down and grasped his cock, hard and ready. Then she directed it to her very wet pussy.

As she sank down on it, groaning, her dad said, "Um, I don't have $100 on me, Janey."

"Don't care," she responded, her eyes closed as she concentrated on taking all of him. "We're gonna break even."

"Okay!" He took the opportunity to glom his mouth onto one of her sensitive nipples and she gasped at the hot, tickling pressure.

She pushed down and felt their groins touch. She loved the feeling of her stepdad's cock all the way inside her. She began to grind her hips in circles.

"Oh shit..." Mike said, laying back to look at where they were joined. That felt incredible! He just watched his teen stepdaughter as she used him for her own pleasure.

"Mmm...mmmmm..." She was starting to grind front-to-back now, feeling an orgasm start to blossom deep inside her where the head of his cock was kissing at her cervix. Then she raised herself up a little on his cock as she moved forward, and then slammed herself back down harder and harder, feeling the impact right up inside her.

Then she came: "Uhhaahh! Ohhhh!" She shook in pleasure as she drove her pussy down hard, holding him as deep inside her as she could. After 30 seconds she collapsed onto her dad's chest.

"You didn't cum," she remarked. Usually he came pretty quick.

He was breathing heavy, though. "Held off as best I could...didn't want to cum inside you."

She kissed him. "Thank you, but my period'll start tomorrow, or maybe later today. So take that fucking cock and fill me up, Daddy!"

Mike didn't need a second invitation. He flipped his stepdaughter over, threw her knees over his shoulders, and drove his incredibly hard cock deep inside her.

"Oh!" she exclaimed. This was new!

Mike thrust himself inside of her overheated pussy, fast. He had already been close, so in no time he was grunting and shooting his hot cum deep inside his stepdaughter, the tip of his cock pressed right against her cervix.

"Ohh..." she moaned as she felt his cock throbbing deep within her. She had felt that sensation only once before, when he accidentally came inside her while he was sleeping. However, that time she had been afraid of getting pregnant, so didn't enjoy it as much as she could have, despite the huge, debilitating orgasm that had kept her from stopping that insemination. This time, though, she wasn't concerned, and came again as his sperm once again inundated her reproductive system.

Then he let her legs down and lay upon her, still inside, sated.

"This is nice..." she thought.

"Yeah..." he replied.

Her hand flew to her mouth. She had said that out loud!

They napped for a little, still joined.

Mike awoke with his softening prick still inside his teen stepdaughter. He rose up to arm's length to get a good look at her tight, hot, naked body below him, so much like her mother's but without the effect that her first marriage's pregnancy had on her belly and boobs.

Then the casual thought about pregnancy had his mind wander. He envisioned Janey with a baby bump and breasts swelling with milk, and his cock hardened to full length quickly. There was no way she'd get pregnant this close to her period, but his cock didn't know that! It wanted to pump a baby into her flat little tummy.

Janey woke as she felt her dad starting to thrust inside her again. "Mmm..." she moaned as she felt her sex drive ramping up once more.

"Let's do it doggy style," she suggested, and he pulled out so they could switch. The different angle felt great to her, and this way he could grab her slim hips to ram himself inside her even harder.

Mike was able to make himself last, even as Janey orgasmed three more times before he blasted another load of cum deep inside her, in his head doing his best to fill her up with a baby.

---

Janey's period didn't come that night. It also didn't come the next day, nor that week. It wouldn't come for almost another year.

Trissa also missed her period, but she figured it was just one of those times that her finicky period skipped a month. However when it didn't come the next month and she was having trouble fastening her tight jeans, she went and bought a pregnancy test, and sure enough...

Trissa's parents threw her out so she moved in with Janey's family. When Janey revealed her matching status a few weeks later and the truth came out, her mother tried to kick Mike out but Janey stood her ground. Janey had just turned 16 by that point, and could decide who she wanted to live with. In the end, her mother left to move in with her sister permanently.

Mike, no longer Daddy to Janey, became the de facto husband to both girls, and father to their children. He had to go get a vasectomy, though, as just a few weeks after giving birth the both of them got pregnant again. They had thought that you couldn't get pregnant so soon after, but that was an old wives' tale.

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com).