Title: Mistaken Identity Ch. 01



Summary: Dad thinks it's his wife...but it's really his daughter! 



Keywords: inc,fic




"Come on Christina your going to be late," I shouted to my daughter as it was nearing the time to leave.

"All right, all right, all right already," Christina said as she came running into the kitchen dressed in her red and gray plaid skirt and white blouse.

I kissed my beautiful wife good bye as she ran out of the house and into the garage as she was almost late for work. I really wasn't in the mood to go to work today but I figured that I would go because I would be bored at home all by myself.

"I'm ready daddy," Christina said as she walked past me and out the side door. 

Her shoulder length blond wavy hair sparkled in the early morning sunlight as I followed behind her. I opened the door to my Jeep and unlocked the passenger door. Christina jumped in and I started my Jeep. 

"Did you study for your finals?" I asked as I pulled out of the drive way and accelerated down the street. 

"Oh daddy, you know I always study," Christina said as she crossed her legs. 

"Only four more days till graduation," I said as I noticed the slit in her skirt. 

"I don't even feel like going in today dad," my daughter said as she began to bounce her foot. 

"I know sweetie, I don't want to go to work today either," I said as I turned the corner, again noticing the high slit in her skirt.

I turned the radio on as I tried to turn my attention from my daughter's leg to the song on the radio.

"I have an idea daddy," Christina said.

"What's that honey," I said as I turned the radio down to hear what my daughter had to say.

"I'll cut class and you cut work and we'll go do something wild and crazy today," Christina said as she smiled and looked into my eyes. 

I couldn't help but notice how much my lovely daughter developed. At eighteen she filled out nicely last year and she was beginning to look like a younger version of her mother. Her perfect smile and her perfectly strait teeth gave her one advantage over her mother. Her green eyes along with the eye liner she wore caused all the boys at school to drool over her. Even her breasts developed quite nicely as she has filled out to a 34C this year. I know that because I found one of her bra's in the laundry once.

"That's a nice idea sweetie but I don't think so," I said as I pulled in front of her school. 

"Are you sure daddy?" Christina said with one last glimmer of hope in her eyes.

"Go to school sweetie, it's your last chance to remember your school before you go out into the real world," I said as I watched her jump out of my jeep with a slight look of disappointment on her face.

I watched her walk up to the school door to make sure that she was in safely when I found myself slightly aroused. I shrugged it off to the lack of sex with my wife as she has been sick with the flu for the last week and a half.

I drove to work and parked my Jeep in the lot behind the building today instead of in the garage. I went in and sat down at my desk hoping that I would have something to do today besides being bored. 

"Good morning Jacob," Steve said as he passed my desk with a cup of fresh coffee in his hand.

"Good morning Steve," I replied as he disappeared around the corner and out of sight.

The morning was slow and boring. I finished all of my menial tasks and had nothing left to do. I seemed to be staring at the clock wishing I was at home and bored when I got up and went down to the cafeteria to see what they had for lunch today. 

"Same shit they have everyday," I mumbled to myself as I turned around to go back to my desk.

Along the way I stopped at the coffee machine and poured myself a cup of coffee. I went back to my desk and sat down hoping that a few hours had passed. One look at the clock told me otherwise as it was only eleven thirty. As I sat there pondering what I wanted to do this weekend, something my daughter said to me this morning came to my mind.

"I'll cut school and you can cut work today and we can go do something wild and crazy," my daughter said to me right before she went to class. 

A smile came across my face as I have never missed any work in my life, but today that streak was going to end. I put away my papers and walked into Steve's office. 

"Steve, I'm not feeling well, I'm going to take the rest of the day off," I said as I produced a fake cough.

I was looked at with stern disapproval before Steve finally uttered "Oh all right go on get out of here."

I went back to my office and picked up a couple of papers I needed before walking out into the parking lot. I was surprised by how warm it was as it was the second day of June. Looking up into the sky I noticed that there wasn't a cloud in sight and that it was going to be a beautiful day.

I unlocked my Jeep and climbed in behind the wheel. I started the engine and pulled out of the parking lot. I drove down the road somehow managing to catch every red light. I turned the stereo on and listened to some country music in order to pass the time. 

Along the way I couldn't help but wonder what I would be doing when I got home. I knew there were a lot of things I needed to do but didn't want to do. I finally turned down my street. I pulled up in front of my house and walked across the front yard to the porch. I opened the mail box and pulled the mail out and leafed through the pile of envelopes in search of bills. I unlocked the house and walked in.

I set the mail down on the coffee table in the living room and proceeded into the kitchen. I turned the faucet on and filled a glass up with water and downed it quickly.

"Ahhhhhhh," I said as I set the glass down on the counter before turning around and slowly walking toward the stairs leading up to the bedrooms. 

As I slowly began to ascend the stairs I pulled at my tie around my neck. I pulled the one end through the knot and left it hanging around my neck. As I reached the top of the stairs something startled me.

Someone just walked into my bedroom and it looked like my wife. I heard the bedroom door close so I quickly and quietly tip toed up to my own bedroom. From the sight of my wife I knew she must have been feeling better as she was wearing her seven inch platform heels, the ones that are clear and completely open. 

I listened through the door and I heard the sliding door that leads from my bedroom to the balcony open. 

"Hmm," I uttered quietly as I guessed that my wife was going out to sun tan. 

I figured that I would surprise her and sneak up on her and seduce her since we haven't done it in nearly two weeks. I was horny as hell and I needed to do something about it.

The curtain covering the sliding glass door was still closed but the slight breeze outside caused it to flutter. I quickly walked over to the sliding door, kicking my shoes off in the process. My heart was racing a mile a minute as I reached out and pulled the edge of the curtain back. 

"Oh God," I said to my self softly as I saw my wife standing on the balcony in her heels and only a blouse covering her back side.

I quickly unbuckled my pants and unbuttoned them before pulling my zipper down. I let my pants fall to the ground as I kicked them off to the side. The erection I had in my underwear was throbbing as I pulled my shirt off over my head. I tossed my shirt onto the bed and quickly dropped my underwear, causing my cock to spring up and stand at full attention.

I was shaking and breathing heavy as I reached out and pulled the edge of the curtain back. I saw my wife open her blouse and let it fall behind her and off of her arms until it fell to the ground. 

"Oh my fucking God," I said when I saw my wife was wearing a thong bikini as she stood facing away from me. 

The dark blue material came out of the top of her ass and was tied at the sides and only two little loops hung down where they were tied. I watched my wife kick her heels off and drop to her knees as she laid face first on the towel on the ground. 

I began to stroke my throbbing member as I peered up between my wife's lovely legs. She laid with her legs parted slightly affording me an excellent view of her bikini covered mound. Her ass looked a little smaller as I figured she lost some weight from being sick recently.

I began to stroke my cock a little faster when I watched my wife reach up and untie her bikini top and pull the straps off to the sides. She leaned up a bit and pulled the material out from under her, giving me an incredible view of the sides of her lovely breasts.

I was surprised that my wife was being so risqu outside. I couldn't ever remember her having such a nice golden tan before. I figured that maybe she was trying to surprise me by getting a tan, which is something she absolutely hates to do.

While I continued to lightly stroke my member while peering out the window I nearly choked when I watched my wife reach down by her hips and untie her thong. I felt pre cum begin to drip out of my cock as I watched my wife pull the thin blue strap down out of her ass. I couldn't believe my wife was doing something so uninhibited, but I loved it.

Reaching behind her, my wife flipped the back strap of her thong down between her legs and left the rest of it laying under her. One gaze between my wife's legs nearly caused me to cum when I saw how wet and aroused she was. 

I continued to stroke my member as I peered out at my unsuspecting wife. Her body looked so soft and supple yet tight and young. I wanted to cum so badly but I knew that if I went out onto the balcony my wife would become embarrassed and throw the towel around her. 

I continued to stare at every part of my wife from her toes to her hair. She looked so inviting laying there naked on the floor of the balcony. I was still amazed by my wife's brazen behavior as she never before has been nude outdoors. At least that I know of.

I quickly let go of the curtain and went to the side of our bed and lit the candles on both sides. I ran down to the kitchen with my cock bouncing back and forth with each step and filled up a small plastic container with ice cubes. I grabbed a bottle of champagne and ran back up to my room. 

I set the container of ice down and as quietly as possible opened the bottle of champagne. I had two wine glasses in our room so I poured each one full. I set the bottle down on the night stand and quietly went back to the window. 

I pulled the curtain back just enough to peer out and I was startled when I saw my wife sitting up and facing away from me while she tied her bikini bottom. Next she stepped into her sexy heels and bent down to pick up her top. I nearly blew my load when she bent over and showed me her dripping wet cunt!

I knew my wife was about to walk through the door. I couldn't figure out what had gotten into her today. I took a couple of steps back and turned around so I was facing away from my lovely wife when she came through the door. 

My breathing became rampant when I heard the clicking sound of her heels. I held my hands down at my sides as I knew my wife was walking through the sliding door as I heard the curtain rustle. I waited for her to gasp as I was standing completely naked. I could hear her walking across the carpeting toward me. My heart was racing as I knew she was standing right behind me.

"Ohhhhhh," I moaned as I felt her soft fingers touch my naked back. 

I began to tremble at the thought of this afternoon affair with my wife. Slowly my wife slid her finger nails up my spine and then down my sides before sliding around to my stomach. I felt her lean into me as her naked breasts pressed into my back. Her nipples pressed into my flesh as she slowly slid her hands up my stomach and then over my chest.

"Oh baby," I moaned as her fingers paused at my nipples, lightly squeezing them, then scraping them with her nails. 

I was surprised that my wife had long enough nails as I gazed down at her long slender fingers. 

"My god, my wife got her nails done," I thought to myself as I watched her continue to scrape my nipples with the tips of her nails.

Again I gasped when my wife slid one hand up my neck and the other down my stomach. My wife's soft fingers slid across my cheeks before she slid one finger in past my parted lips. I clamped my lips around my wife's finger and began to suck on it just as she wrapped her soft fingers around my cock.

"Oh that's it daddy, suck my finger."

Immediately I stopped sucking on the finger that was in my mouth. My eyes shot wide open. I jumped completely around. 

"Christina," I shouted! 

"What are you doing?" I yelled as I reached for my shirt to cover up my throbbing erection.

"Shhhhhh," she said as she took another step toward me. 

"Stop it," I yelled as I realized that the shirt I was covering myself with wasn't even covering my member.

"Shhhhh...daddy," Christina said as she continued to walk toward me. 

The look of lust in my daughter's eyes was evident as her eyes were half closed. Her breasts looked magnificent as they jiggled slightly as she walked up to me again. 

"Christina stop it and go to your room," I shouted as for some reason I still stood before her with a raging erection.

"It's OK daddy," my daughter said as she leaned in and kissed me ever so softly on my lips. 

I tried to resist as I held my mouth motionless while she began to kiss my lips. The feel of her soft sexy mouth gently kissing and biting at my lips felt incredible. I felt my daughter lean in even closer as her nipples grazed my chest. I still tried to resist but when Christina wrapped her fingers around my cock I lost nearly all self control.

"Baby this is wrong," I said weakly as she leaned into me, smashing her young ripe breasts into my chest. 

"It's all right daddy," my daughter said as she looked deeply into my eyes before returning her mouth to my now trembling lips.

Ever so lovingly I felt my daughter begin to stroke my cock as she slipped her tongue past my lips and into my mouth. Suddenly I found myself moaning into my daughter's mouth as I kissed passionately back at her. 

As we continued to kiss I felt Christina slowly begin to drop to her knees. Her luscious lips slipped from my mouth down to my neck. I couldn't believe my daughter was this wild as I felt her slide her tongue down my neck and across my chest. 

Looking down I was amazed at how Christina placed her lips over my nipple and began to suck. When she bit my nipple I couldn't help but to moan.

"Oh God Christina," I moaned as she began to kiss and lick her way down my stomach. I felt her head slide lower and suddenly I felt my cock hit her chin. 

"Oh baby stop," I pleaded as I tried to step back but couldn't because I was against the side of the bed. 

I stared down into her eyes as she looked back up at me with my cock in her hand.

"Baby stop before we do something we both will regret," I mumbled as I watched her hold my cock while she slid her face up and down the length of my member.

Christina looked up into my eyes as she slowly began to lick up and down the entire length of my cock. Our eye contact never broke as she slid her tongue up to the tip of my cock before opening her mouth and accepting my member.

"Oh God," I cried out as I instinctively reached down and held her head. 

Her golden blonde hair was so soft as I looked over to the vanity and watched her in the mirror as her head began to slide up and down. I have never been so turned on in my life like I was right now. I knew I was dripping pre cum into my daughter's mouth while she continued to suck on my throbbing cock. 

I felt my balls beginning to tingle as my heart rate was through the roof. I could feel this impending orgasm welling up from deep inside. Looking down I watched as my baby reached behind me and cupped my ass as she continued to suck on my cock. 

"Oh baby your gonna make daddy cum," I said as I started to tremble. 

Christina continued to look up into my eyes while she gave me the most incredible blow job of my life. Looking into her lust filled eyes sent me over the edge as I felt my nuts begin to spasm.

"Oh baby here it comes" I moaned as I began to grunt and thrust my hips. 

I held my daughter's head as I began to fuck her mouth with all my might. The sight of my cock sliding in and out of my daughter's mouth was surreal. When I felt my cock slide down my daughter's throat until her face touched my groin, I began to cum. I felt my cum race up my shaft and shoot out into her mouth. I don't know if she ever gave head before but I knew one thing. She swallowed!

"Ughhhhh," I grunted over and over as I felt my daughter's mouth become slipperier and slipperier from my cum. 

The look in her eyes told me she had done this before. She continued to suck on my cock as she smiled at me after I finished cumming. 

Slowly Christina stood up. She reached for the two wine glasses and picked them up, handing me one of them. Before I could take a drink she clanked our glasses together and wrapped her arm around mine. We both looked deeply into each other's eyes as we drank our champagne until the glasses were empty.

Christina took the glasses and set them down on the night stand. She turned me around and then she sat on the edge of the bed. Reaching out she took my trembling hands and guided me down to my knees between her spread open legs. 

Looking up at my daughter I knew there was no stopping this. I dropped to my knees and took her ankle in my hand. I lifted her leg and slipped the sexy platform off of her foot. Those shoes make her look so incredibly hot. I lifted her foot to my face as I gazed into my daughter's eyes. I began kissing each toe one at a time as I continued to look into Christina's eyes. 

"Oh daddy," Christina moaned as she leaned back onto her elbows and watched me. 

I slid my tongue across the tops of her long slender toes and back again until her big toe was at pursed between my lips. 

"Go ahead daddy, it's OK," my daughter moaned as she began to breathe heavily. 

Still looking up into my daughter's eyes I slowly pulled her big toe into my mouth.

"Oh God daddy yeah," Christina moaned as she threw her head back. 

I began to slide my mouth up and down her big toe several times before making my way to her other toes. Looking up between her legs I could see the wet spot in her blue thong as she sat before me with her legs parted. I continued to suck and tongue each and every toe before finally slipping her platform back onto her foot.

I placed my lips on my daughter's sexy ankle and slowly traced my lips and tongue up her leg toward her knee. The heavy breathing and moaning coming from my daughter indicated that I was pushing all the right buttons. I began to kiss her thigh's using my lips and tongue to practically suck on her soft golden skin. As I continued to kiss her thigh's, I inched closer to her thong covered cunt.

"Mmmmmm, daddyyyyyy," Christina moaned softly as I slid my tongue closer to her thong covered labia. 

I could see the dark wet spot between her thigh's as she spread her legs apart a little farther. I figured it was now or never so I placed my lips on the wet spot of her panties.

"Oh dad," Christina moaned as I could feel her swollen pussy on my lips through her wet sticky thong.

Just then my daughter pushed herself up and reached down and grabbed a hold of my wrists. Slowly, Christina pulled me up until her breasts were right in front of my face. I could feel my daughter breathing on my face as she continued to guide my hands up to her golden globes. My hands began to tremble as my fingers were about to touch my daughter's soft breasts. 

"It's OK daddy," Christina whispered to me as she looked down into my eyes. 

"But sweetie we shouldn't," I said as she drew my hands near enough to feel her body warmth. 

"Go ahead daddy touch them," Christina moaned as she placed her breasts in the palms of my hands.

"Oh God," we both moaned simultaneously as she slid her hands on top of mine and squeezed, causing my hands to grip my daughter's breasts.

Christina raised her hands to my face and cupped my cheeks as she slowly began to guide my face to her beautiful tits. Using my thumb I began to press on her nipples and work circles around her areolas causing her to cry out in passion.

"Oh yes daddy," my daughter cried out as she pulled my face into her bosom. 

Suddenly I found my face in my daughter's cleavage as she used her arms to press her breasts together. I still had my hands on my daughter's breasts, cupping them as I began to gently kiss her mounds. The soft flesh of Christina's breasts and the feel of her body heat felt so inviting as I kissed my way closer to her nipple. 

"Oh suck my nipples daddy," my daughter panted as I slid my tongue over her areola and across her nipple. 

Christina let out a squeal as I placed my lips over her taught bud and sucked. Her nipple stiffened even more against my tongue as I rapidly flicked my tongue over the her sensitive bud. I bit lightly on my daughter's nipple causing her to scream as she wrapped her legs around me tightly. 

"Oh daddy, don't stop," Christina moaned as she finally removed her hands from my face. I removed my mouth from her saliva coated nipple and pushed both of her soft young breasts together until both of her nipples were touching.

"Please daddy," Christina begged as I looked into her lust crazed eyes. 

"Please suck them both" she moaned as she leaned her head back in ecstasy.

Her nipples looked incredible as they were touching themselves. I lowered my mouth to my daughter's young breasts, sucking both nipples into my mouth at once. 

"Holy fuck," my daughter moaned as I sucked and licked both of her nipples at the same time.

Using my teeth I scraped her sensitive buds until I felt her place her hands on my face. Ever so slowly my daughter began to push my head from her breasts down toward her stomach. I felt her stomach begin to quiver as I kissed and nibbled my way toward her navel. I paused there for a moment and swirled my tongue around her navel until I was again nudged lower by her hands. Suddenly I began to tremble as my lips touched the top edge of her thong.

"Oh baby we can still stop," I said softly as I kissed her bush through her thong. 

Looking up into my daughter's eyes she smiled and said "But you don't want to daddy."

Again I felt Christina place her hands around my wrists as she placed my hands on her hips where her thong was tied together. I slowly wrapped the ties of her thong around my finger and pulled, causing her thong to become untied. 

Using my teeth I bit the top of the material and pulled the material down exposing her neatly trimmed bush. At the bottom of my daughter's bush was the treasure I was waiting for. Her young pussy was swollen and wet. Her lips were puffed outward and parted as they glistened in the light. I could smell my daughter's scent which caused me to drip pre cum onto the carpeting below. 

Again Christina placed her hands on my face. Our eyes met and neither one of us could stop now, even if we wanted to. Slowly my daughter began to guide my mouth closer and closer to her cunt.

"Oh daddy go ahead," Christina panted as she looked into my eyes as she placed my mouth on her wet sticky pussy.

Christina began to moan as she fell onto her back as I began to snake my tongue into her slippery cunt. 

"Oh my God daddyyyyy," Christina moaned as she spread her legs even wider allowing me even easier access to her swollen wet pussy.

"Oh God eat me daddy," Christina began to moan over and over as she began to squirm on the mattress. 

I reached up and placed my hands on her hips to try to steady her as she squirmed on my mouth. I could taste her juices as her cunt was wetter than my wife's ever got. I began to lightly flick my tongue around her clit eliciting even deeper more carnal moans. Her clit swelled to a length much longer than her mother's and I placed my lips directly on it and sucked.

"Mmmmmm I'm gonna cum daddy," my little girl moaned as she continued to thrash about on my bed. 

Suddenly I felt Christina tense up as her legs wrapped around my neck like a vice. My little girl began to shake and tremble as she exploded into an orgasm on my mouth. 

"Oh my fucking Goddddddddd," my daughter cried out as I felt her cunt begin to flood my face. 

Her panting, thrashing, and screaming nearly caused me to cum as I knelt between her soft legs. Again my daughter reached down and pulled my head into her, smashing my face into her sopping wet cunt. 

Finally after several minutes Christina slowed down. She released her grip around my neck as she spread her legs wider. Our eyes became locked together as we both had a lust crazed look in our eyes. 

"Make love to me daddy," my little girl mouthed to me as she still laid on her back with her legs still dangling over my shoulders. 

Slowly and with our eyes still glued to each other's I rose to my feet with my daughter's calf's resting on my shoulders. I pulled her back a bit until her ass was at the edge of the bed. Looking down into my daughter's eyes I slowly leaned forward until my cock was twitching just outside the entrance of her cunt.

"Fuck me daddy," Christina said softly as she reached up and squeezed her breasts with me towering over her. 

Ever so slowly I pressed my cock against my daughter's pussy lips until I felt her cunt begin to part open

"Oh daddy your so big," Christina hissed as she slid her legs down my arms, wrapping them around my waist.

Looking over in the mirror I was breathless as I saw the image of my own daughter's legs wrapped around my waist while I gently made love to her. 

"Look at me daddy," Christina said as she reached up and turned my face toward hers as I continued to thrust my swollen cock in and out of her tight wet hole.

"Fuck me," Christina said as she reached onto the night stand and picked up a candle that had been burning. 

"Fuck me daddy," Christina said softly as she reached out and offered me the candle.

I suddenly stopped fucking my daughter but remained buried deep inside of her. I took the candle in my trembling hand and looked down into my daughter's eyes. 

"Oh daddy do it," she cried out as I felt her tight cunt continuing to grip at my cock as I remained buried deep inside.

I tilted the candle until the melted wax was at the edge of the candle. Looking down into her eyes she licked her lips and nodded her head. Ever so slowly I tilted the candle until the wax dripped down onto her soft breast.

"Usssshhhh" my daughter inhaled sharply as she reached up and smeared the molten wax around her breast with her finger.

I dripped more wax only this time I dripped it closer to her nipple.

"Ugggghhhhh" Christina cried as the wax trickled down between her heaving breasts.

Again she raised her finger to her breast and smeared the hot molten wax around her breast. Again I tipped the candle, this time bathing her nipple with the hot wax.

"Oh Jesus Christ dad," Christina screamed out as her nipple sprung way out, farther than when I bit on them. 

I glanced over to my side and reached for the tub of ice cubes. I took an ice cube between my fingers and while she smeared the wax around her elongated nipple, I placed the ice cube directly on her swollen bud.

I tilted the candle over her other breast. The look in my daughter's eyes was that of pure lust. Just then I tilted the candle and trickled hot wax onto her breast just as I pressed an ice cube onto her nipple.

"Oh my fucking Godddddd," Christina screamed as her hips began to thrust up and down, fucking me while I stood over her. I set the candle down on the night stand and left the container of half melted ice cubes on the bed. Reaching up, Christina pulled herself all the way up and kissed me with passion like I haven't seen since I was her age.

With her hand gripping my neck, her hips continued to thrust against my impaling cock. She kissed me again before looking directly in my eyes.

"Fuck me like you fuck mom," Christina said as she let go of my neck and fell onto her back in front of me.

I leaned down and placed my hands next to her head as I braced myself. 

"Fuck me daddy," Christina hissed as she was already doing a pretty good job of fucking me. 

I continued looking into my little girl's eyes as I began to rock my hips back and forth. The feeling of her shoes digging into my lower back heightened the sensations I was experiencing as I was nearing another orgasm. 

"Ohh Ohh Ohh Ohh Ohh Ohh," Christina moaned over and over as she began to bounce up and down beneath me. 

"Oh daddy you little girl is gonna cum," Christina screamed as I felt her begin to buck against my cock even harder.

I felt her pussy clamping down around my cock as my little girl began to quiver and shake. She thrashed her head from side to side as she bit her lower lip, the whole time her eyes rolled into the back of her head. 

"Oh my God I'm gonna cum again daddy," Christina moaned as she squeezed her long legs around my waist even tighter. 

I could feel her juices flooding her pussy as my cock slid in and out easily. I increased my tempo even faster causing one long continuous moan to escape her lips.

"Daddyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy," Christina moaned as her young body thrashed out of control.

Looking down at my little girl, her eyes were nearly closed as she continued to tremble and shake. I could feel her begin to slow down as she released her legs around my waist and pushed me back. Christina jumped up and got on all fours with her knees at the edge of the bed. Her shoes fell to the floor as her feet dangled off of the edge of the bed.

Looking back over her shoulders Christina said "Fuck me like you fuck mom."

I couldn't believe my ears as my daughter reached behind her and spread her ass apart for me. I reached down and held on to her soft warm hips and quickly pushed my member into her now gaping pussy.

"Oh God daddy, I know this is how you like to fuck mom," my daughter said as she began to thrust back at my cock. 

"Oh daddy fuck me with that big cock," she said as she held on to the bed and pushed herself back at me even harder. 

I knew I wasn't going to last long as my toes began to tingle and my nuts began to ache. The sound of my hips slapping against my lovely young daughter's ass was like the sound of a symphony. 

Christina and I both began to grunt as we watched ourselves in the mirror. We both knew we were doing the unthinkable, the unimaginable. As I fucked my daughter from behind I watched her tits in the mirror as they swung back and forth. 

"Oh my God I'm gonna cum," my daughter screamed as she began to gasp and shake.

"Oh daddy" She moaned out as she gripped the sheets in a clenched fist. 

Christina lowered her head into the mattress as she panted and moaned. Her young body shook out of control as she climaxed over and over. 

"Oh daddy, I'm cumming again," she cried out as a sheen of sweat coated her body. 

I too began to sweat as I continued to pound my daughter's pussy from behind. 

"Baby, your gonna make daddy cum," I shouted as I was beginning to feel my nuts contract. 

"I'm protected daddy, I want to feel you cum inside me," Christina moaned as she continued to push her ass back at my thrusting cock.

That was all the encouragement I needed as my balls began to contract.

"Oh Christina here it comes," I shouted as the first wave of contractions sent cum racing up my shaft and into my daughter's wet pussy.

"Oh daddy, that's so good" Christina said as she now held herself still allowing me to finish cumming inside her. 

I began to grunt over and over as every nerve in my body was electrified. My balls pumped all of my cream deep into my daughter's tight cunt as she continued to watch us in the mirror. 

"Mmmmmm daddy that was wonderful," Christina said as she slowly pulled off of my rapidly deflating cock. 

Christina looked at me and giggled causing me to relax a bit and giggle as well. Suddenly there was a noise and we both looked at each other. Christina and I both looked at the clock and then back at each other.

"Mom's home," we both shouted as we jumped up from the bed! 

"Shit" I said as I reached for the candles to place them in the correct spot. 

Christina ran and picked up her bikini and shoes, running to my wife's closet to place the sexy heels where she got them. She took a couple of steps toward the door before running back to the bed to grab the bottle of champagne. I quickly grabbed the glasses and when I turned around I stood face to face with my naked daughter. 

Christina and I shared one quick kiss as if we were saying thank you to each other before she ran down the hall to her room. I quickly picked up the wine glasses and ran into the bathroom to take a shower. Just as the bathroom door closed behind me, The bedroom door opened and my wife was home.


To be continued.....




pics---->> http://bit.ly/1QdQXsD

