
HOT INDIAN FAMILY -II 

By Jeevan jeevan80@yahoo.com 

Karthik and Bhanu had tested the joys of incestuous fucking and were always horny for fucking with each other. But due to the presence of Bindu and Bharati they could not enjoy as much as they could. In the night, Karthik used to sneak to the room of Bhanu and they could just fuck each other as bindu slept in the same room. It was difficult for both of them to make any sound and they had to fuck quietly. Thus they could not enjoy the fucking and were always frustrated. 
There had to be a solution to this, Bhanu and Karthik thought. But there was no solution to this other than telling Bindu about their relationship. But that was dangerous and they could not take any risk. They left it on the destiny for the solution. 
One day they got nice opportunity, as both bindu and Bharati were not at home. Bindu had gone to renew her passport and Bharati had gone for her job. Bindu was not expected to be home for about 2 hrs. How could they miss such a golden opportunity? 
SO as soon as they were alone, Bhanu caught Karthiks lund in her hand and was massaging it. It did not require any special attention, as it was already hard and throbbing for his aunts touch. Bhanu kneeled before her nephew and started to suck the hard lund. Karthik was responding by pushing his lund in and out of her mouth and asking her to swallow it all. 
Come on aunty! Swallow my lund! Suck it into that small throat of yours. Ohhhhh! Suck it slut! Come on suck out juice from my dick. Ohhh let me shout today! Ohh suck it! Come on slut! 
 Ohhh Karthik my son! Shout as much as you want. Call me any names! I am SLUT, WHORE, and your slave, your lunds slave. See I am kneeling before you and sucking your lund. Ohhhhhhh Its so nice. Fuck my mouth you mother fucker! Fuck it! Shove it innnnn! Ohh godddddd! Here I am sucking my nephews lund!  
As she sucked his lund, Bhanu put her finger in his ass hole and started to fuck it. This made his cock harder and he thrust it in her mouth and fucked it. His ass hole contracted at the invasion of the finger and Bhanu knew it gave him pleasure. Bhanu pulled out the finger and licked it in front of him,  Ahhhhhh Karthik your gand is so tasty! Come on give me your gand to lick. Spread it for me so that I can lick it. Ohhhhh how I love to eat your gand my son! Here lick my gand too Karthik! Lets eat out each others gands! Ohhhhh its so weird! 
Both of them were licking each others ass holes and enjoying it. Karthiks lund throbbed and was waiting for some hole to enter. Bhanu knew this and she asked Karthik to lay on his back and then proceeded to give him tit massage. She bent over his lund with her tits hanging and slowly moved her body so that the soft tit flesh rubbed over the entire length of his lund. Karthik was in heaven with his aunt rubbing the soft melons on his lund and exciting him. Then she grabbed her boobs in both the hands and encircled her nephews lund within the twin flesh. She spat on his lund and then moved her boobs in opposite direction, one forward the other backwards. This systematic motion of the boobs over his cock made him come and his lund jerked with bursting of the semen. The semen from his lund splashed over the boobs and some of it landed on Bhanus face, nose and eyes. 
As the duo busy doing the frolics, the main door of the house opened and in walked Bindu. She was early and had come to pick up her forgotten papers. She wondered if anybody was in the house and walked to her room. As she walked she heard voices, moaning and murmuring something. She wondered if Bhanu or Karthik were at home. Then she heard Bhanu saying,  Ohh you have put your semen on my boobs and face you bastard son of slut. Here spread it and rub that precious come over my boobs so that they will grow as big as Bindu and Bharati. You want to fuck them too dont you? Bindu was surprised to hear the sultry language and knew exactly what was going on. 
Her sister Bhanu and her nephew Karthik were fucking! He had spilled his come on Bhanus boobs! WOW she could not visualize this and had to see it with her own eyes. So she went to Bhanus room and slowly peeked inside. What she saw made her cunt flood with juice and a tingle ran through her hungry body. It was more than a year she had not seen any Lund and now her own sister was playing with the lund of her nephew! Her hand went to her own boobs and she caressed them, rubbing the soft flesh with her palms. She watched silently as Bhanu and Karthik were engrossed in rubbing the sticky sperm over the boobs. Bhanus boobs were now shining with the thin film of the sperm and Bhanus body was shaking in ecstasy. The duo was so engrossed in the act that they did not feel the presence of bindu in the room. Bindu walked to them, without making any noise and then she stood next to her sister and coughed. 
Bhanu sprang to her feet and Karthik screamed at the sight of his second aunt standing close by and watching all the forbidden activity. 
Bindu said, So you finally caught up with this stud! Ohh GOD! He is your nephew! How can you do this with him? Ohhhhh! But he has nice big Lund. I never thought he was so grown up otherwise 
You would have fucked with him. Bhanu completed her sentence and smiled. 
 YES Bhanu! He is so cute! I regret to have neglected him. Why I was so dumb? I wasted whole year of fucking dear. 
 Come on you can make it up now. He is willing to push that Lund in your choot sister. You should have given me hint that you are so Lund hungry! I would have arranged for a lund for you. Come on why are you wasting time use his Lund now! Get rid of those damn clothes and enjoy this. See your aunt undress! You wanted to see her boobs! Now look at them and feel their softness. Come on son let me suck your lund as you watch bindu. Bring that cock here stud! 
Bhanu knelt before Karthik and started to suck his limp cock, stuffing it in her hungry mouth to make it hard again for her sister. Bindu watched her suck the lund and she started to remove her Pink sari, exposing her blouse clad boobs and white stomach and the wonderful soft belly. She turned around showing off her charms to Karthik and then slowly removed her clothes one by one. As her blouse and bra came off, the beautiful, full globes of her boobs sprang free. They bounced as she moved, making Karthik jerk his cock in Bhanus mouth. Then she removed her petticoat and exposed the most beautiful ass Karthik had ever seen, Bindus ass was big no doubt but it was more fleshy and softer than Bhanus. she turned her back to Karthik and shook the ass for him. Even Bhanu was tempted to suck and lick that ass so no wonder Karthiks lund got hard looking at it. 
 Come on my dear nephew. Come here and kiss your aunt. Kiss me and press those big horns. Rub your lund over my body and fuck me with that monster. Ohh your lund is already hard! Give me that lund son! Fuck me with it first. Then we can play games. So you want to fuck your mom too dont you? You dirty boy! She will be shocked to hear this! Ok I can do something for you and you can fuck our didi too. First fuck my choot you fucker! You motherfucker! Maderchoot! Fuck me!! 
Bhanu was surprised to hear such a dirty language from her elder sister and knew that she was hot for the lund. She let go of Karthiks lund and dragged the boy to her didi, Come on Karthik taste the choot of second sister. She wants your lund in her choot. Fuck her! Tear apart her choot with that monster! Ohhhhhhh how much I wanted to see this. Ohhh My sister is so beautiful when naked. I feel I should suckle on her big soft breasts. Ohhhhh fuck her Karthik! 
Bhanu went to her didi and took her massive bobs in her hands and pressed them very hard. Bindu cried in pain and pushed her chest forward making it easy for Bhanu to handle her boobs. Bindu moaned at the touch of her sister on her breasts,  Ohhhhh Bhanu! Your hand feels ssoooo goooodd over my boobs! I didnt know a woman could cause so much pleasure or else we could have done this earlier. Ohh GOD! Come on Karthik eat my choot. While we sisters play with each other. Ohhh! Ahhhhhh! Choose meri boor! Ahhhhhh! 
Bindu was delirious with lust and spread her legs for Karthiks mouth. She showed her choot to him, spreading it with her own hands and moaning at the same time. Karthik kneeled in front of Bindu and pushed his mouth in the choot. The choot smelled of piss and he loved it,  Ohhhhh aunty you smell of piss! I love it. Its so big. You have very big choot. Bigger than Bhanus. And that ass is sooo wonderful! I want to fuck that ass hoe of yours. Ohh I am licking your choot, boor, bhosada! Will you help me to fuck my mom? I love it when we do this with her. Ohhh the very thought excites me! Fuck family! All mother fuckers. Sluts! Randi! Whores! Ohhh god! and Karthik pushed his entire tongue in the pink choot of his aunt. Bindu moaned and spread her legs wider for his access. Bhanu was now sucking on the engrossed nipples and kneading the soft melons. She watched Karthiks mouth run over her sisters choot and his tongue shooting up into the big hole. She loved the sight and wanted to play with her sisters body. Bhanu went and joined Karthik. She concentrated on the ass hole of bindu and rubbed her tongue over the puckered hole. She closely observed Karthik push his tongue up the choot of Bindu. Bhanu kissed Karthik and exchanged the ass juices with him. Bindu was moaning at this duel pleasure to her choot and gaand. 
Come on Karthik! Fuck my choot! O O O Ohhhhhhh! I am so hungry for your lund my son! Shove that big lund of yours in my choot! Fuck me! Come on Bhanu finger-fuck my ass hole and take out the entire damn shit from it. Come on fuck meeeeee! and she kneeled on all fours, in a doggy fashion 
Karthik placed his hard lund at the choot of Bindu and Bhanu assisted him in pushing it in. Karthiks lund went in easily as Bindus choot was dripping with lust. He pushed it all the way inside till his balls were slapping at Bindus ass and making phhaaatt phaat noise. Bhanu moaned loudly and then pushed her ass back to meet his Lund. Bhanu pushed her mouth between the fucking figures and her mouth touched the asshole of her sister. Bhanu could feel the cock of Karthik fucking the choot of bindu and she licked it as it fucked. Bindu was beyond this world as her choot was now filled with a hard lund and really enjoyed all the attention they were giving her. 
Bhanu probed her tongue in the ass hole of her sister and tried to feel the lund of Karthik fucking her choot. Karthik was now fucking bindu in full swing, as this was a new choot for him. His speed increased and he reached inner depths of the choot and rubbed against the cervix of his aunt. Bindu was besides herself and talked dirty as she took in the entire lund of Karthik. 
 Ohhh! Karthik! Chodo muze! Meri choot ko phad dalo! Sale harami aapni masi ki choot me lund dal kar chod raha hai! Aur meri randi bahan! Wo to meri gaand mein aapni tongue dal kar chat rahi hai! Ogggggggghhhhhhh! Chodo meri choot aur gaand! Ohh mai to Bharati ki choot me sake harami bete ka lund jate dekhana chahati hu! CHODO! 
at the name of his mother Karthik felt his cock twitch with lust as he really and very badly wanted to put his lund in the choot of his own mom. Bhanu too pushed her tongue deep in the asshole of bindu when she heard that and took out her tongue to speak, " YES DIDI! Why dont we talk to Bharati? We all can enjoy sex in the privacy of our home and need not search for any lund outside. Ohhhhh Karthik has such a nice lund and he knows how to use it too. he is going to call our other nephew and he too can fuck us. OHH how i craved for sex all these days! NOW Karthik satisfies my lust each day. and now you too can join in and we all can enjoy. But we have to make didi spread her choot for Karthik so that all of us can enjoy. Ohhhhh see his lund fucking your choot. Ohhh GOD! my choot is itching too for a nice hard lund. Come on fuck him fast so that i can put his lund in my choot. Ohhhhhhhhhh! Fuck him Bindu!" 
Bindu was now moving her choot faster to get as much of cock as she could. her choot was slippery with feminine juice and made phaaachhh phachhh sounds as they fucked. Karthik was nearing his orgasm and he started to grind his lund in his aunts choot. as he fucked his groin rubbed against soft ass of bindu and hios balls slapped on the slit of the choot. 
"Ohhhhhhhhh! bindu Aunty! i am coming ! come on give me your choot juice! bathe me with it. ohhhh here i gggggooooooo! cccccooommmiimnninggggg!" 
And he shot his load in the choot of his aunt! he came in globs and his sperm bathed the walls of her choot. Bindu too came bathing Karthiks lund with her choot juice. The lusty duo lay panting on the bed and Karthik lay on Bindus back with his lund still buried in the choot of bindu. Bhanu was massaging her clit looking at this lustful sight and she too came on her fingers. Her juice flowed on her thighs and she licked her fingers with her tongue still not believing that Karthik had fucked Bindu. 
Bhanu went to bindus choot and pulled out the lund of Karthik, allowing the mixed juices to come out. She took one glass and collected the juices in that. The juice was milky white and smelled of semen and choot. 
 I am going to mix this juice in the salad today for the dinner. Let Bharati tase the lund juice and choot juice. Ohhhhhh it will be sooo exciting! Ohh GOD! Here let me piss a little in this. Ohhhhhh you both too, piss in this glass so that we all can have nive salad in the night. 
She held the glass near the choot of bindu and tickled her clit. Yellow piss flowed in the glass and she collected little of it. Then she herself pissed a little and asked Karthik too to piss. Thus the glass contained the mixed piss and mixed come juices. Still Bhanu was not satisfied and started to suck the lund of Karthik. Soon his lund was hard for the fourth round. She lay on her stomach and presented her asshole for his attack. Bindu took his lund in her hand and placed it at the gaand of her sister. She spat on both, the lund and gaand hole and made it slippery. Karthik pushed his lund in the asshole of Bhanu and his lund went in without any trouble. Bindu was surprised at this and asked,  HEY Bhanu! How is it going sooo smoothly in that small hole? Ohh you are a real slut! You must have taken many lunds in that hole whore! 
Ohhhhh DIDI! Though I am not married I have taken 15 lunds in that small hole should I tell you who they were? You will be surprised! YES your husband too has seen this hole. He fucked me many times when we both were alone. Surprised? Then there was his brother too. Ohh it was so exciting! 
 Ohh SLUT! So you fucked him too. The bloody son of a bitch! He fucked your gaand. He never showed interest in me! So it was you slut! You fucked his cock and made it soft all the time. I was wondering why he could not get it up to fuck me. Ohhh God! So you shared him with me as we are sharing Karthik? Slut! Whore! You even took his brothers lund! I cant imagine 
Didi dont be so prude. You can take any lund you want now. Even I will lick that choot and gaand of yours if Karthiks lund becomes useless fucking all of us. Lets share yaar! Lets share the lunds and choots! Lets start new life. Lets have a break! 
Bhanu said fucking Karthiks lund by moving her gaand. Karthik was listening to the conversion and was aroused. His fucking speed increased as he heard them. 
 So aunt Bhanu is the slut who fucks all the cocks in reach. She seduced me too. I am happy she did that. Now we all can enjoy within the family. Just make my mom slut for me. Make her eat my semen today while I watch. OHHHHHH Bhanu! Take my sperm in your tight gaand. Ohhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhhhh! Here I come! 
Karthik shot his load deep in the gaand of Bhanu while bindu tickled her choot. Bhanu felt the hot spray of come inside her gaand like soap enema and the sensation made her come, her ass vibrated in the throes of orgasm and she collapsed on the bed, panting and crying in the joy of satisfaction. Bindu massaged her choot hard, making her jerk her ass faster and then everybody lay silently. This was the silence of satisfaction. 
REST IN PART -III 

 
HI Friends
Join my group at 
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/jeevansgroup/

for exchange of ideas and meeting people for sex! And even to fulfill your fantacies in real life. Just call me and i will be there!Jeevan
