he Last Step


The last step

We kissed sweetly, lightly, our tongues dancing fluidly. Ourlips clung together softly and delicately. His arm was wrapped around myshoulders and mine was wrapped around his chest. I could feel my bodyresponding and my blood beginning to boil again. 

Throwing my inhibitions and rational thought to the wind, Ithrew my left leg over him and straddled his hips. He moaned into my mouth andhis hands immediately gravitated to my ass. I could feel his semi-hard penispressing against my groin. The bottom of my saree and petti dress covered ourmidsections like a tent.

I was going insane. His strong hands were clamped on my ass,massaging my cheeks roughly through my petti and panties, and I felt myselfinvoluntarily grinding my crotch against him.

"Ooooh my God!" I gasped, tearing my mouth from hisand raising up, I stared down at him through lust filled eyes. "You makeme so crazy, Kanna." 

"Ughn...what do you think...ughn...you're doing tome?" He whimpered, biting his lip and staring up at me in abject wonder.He reached up and tried to pulled saree off. I moved back and stood up andremoved it. The with a smile I reached out to him and pulled of his T Shirt.His body was so nice, so manly with little hairs not hiding his muscles anddeveloping six pack. His skin seemed to glow. 

"You are so handsome, your body is so nice my son" I said withpride as I caressed his muscles and climbed over him to kiss him

I thrilled when I felt him slip his hands under my dress andreach around me to clasp my ass in his hands again. The heat from his handsradiated through the silky fabric of my underwear and stoked my fires. Hestared at my breasts as they slowly rose and fell on my chest.

"They are sobeautiful...perfect, Amma." He whispered huskily.

"Thank you, Kanna."I smiled, continuing to rub myself against him deliberately. I could feel himhardening under me. "I'm kind of proud of them myself. I'm glad that theydon't...ughn...hang down"

"They areexquisite, Amma...ohhhh...perky...proud. And I love how perfect your nipplesare."

"You sure areearning some points, Kanna." I grinned at him evilly, "How do youplan on spending them?"

"How many pointsdoes it take to let me suck on them again?" He responded, kneading my assfirmly.

I giggled weakly andbreathed, "You don't need to spend your points on that, Kanna. I think I'dlike that very much. Save your points for something...bigger."

I pressed my right handto the sides of my right tit and slowly leaned forward. His mouth opened and Iguided a hard, rubbery nipple to it. I cried out happily as his lips sucked itin and his tongue curled around it.

"Oh yessss, Kanna!"I sighed, resting my face on the top of his head. "That feels soooooooonice!"

I wrapped my armsaround his head and rejoiced at the sensation of my son nursing at my breastagain. I continued to grind my sodden, swollen vagina slowly and firmly againsthis penis. I could tell he was almost fully erect. His hands were mauling myasscheeks, roughly pulling at my panties.

I just cried out softlywhen I felt his hands slip beneath the waistband of my panties and beginstroking and squeezing my bare ass. 

"Ohhhh! You are getting bold, aren't you,sweetheart?" I whimpered against the top of his head. He just continuedsuckling on my nipples and building my inferno hotter.

I could feel his arousal against mine. I was pressing my pussyagainst his hard thickness, sliding my salivating gash along his length,driving myself crazy. 

We were moaning and crying, clutching at each other. In myover-heated state I felt Karthik pulling at my panties, trying to tug them overmy hips. I thought for a second he was going to just tear them off.

Pushing on Karthik's shoulders, I pulled my throbbing nipplefrom his mouth and moved into a sitting position on his thighs. I slid backslightly onto his legs and for the longest time we just stared at each other.My breathing was labored and harsh. Every fiber of my being was screaming forrelease, pleading with me to just get it over with. My body was in completecontrol. I moved back and pulled at the string of the petti coat and bunched itup and removed it over my head.

Karthik's hands rested on my thighs slowly caressing my flesh.He looked up at me with smoldering eyes and I felt my heart melting.

The anguished frustration on his face was heartbreaking. Ifelt the agony he was feeling. A tiny tear leaked from my eye when I took thefinal step.

"Kanna," I whispered hoarsely, "If we do thisand you stop loving me I'm going to kill you. You know that, don't you?"

He just looked at me wide-eyed and nodded. "Amma, I willnever stop loving you, whether we do it, or not." 

I watched him bite his lower lip as I lifted up on my kneesgot of the bed and staring into his wide eyes, slid my panties down my legs. Myvagina covered with curly black hairs which I keep trimmed was in front of myson. He was speechless.

I climbed onto him again groaning as I felt my hot weepingflesh on his thighs. 

For an eternity we just stared at each other. His fingerscaressed my legs just above my knees. I was trembling and so unbelievablyexcited.

I slowly settled back onto him and cried out at the sensationof his hard, thick penis touching my naked sex for the first time. I leanedforward and kissed him hard, thrusting my tongue into his mouth 

As we kissed, I began rubbing my slippery labia along thelength of his rock-hard organ. I was being consumed by my lust and I wasn'tthinking rationally. I loved the feeling of just being wanted. It was soexciting to be desired. I was being manhandled and I loved it.

I loved the sheer erotic joy of feeling Karthik's strong handssqueezing my bare ass, spreading my cheeks and pulling me against him. Therewas no going back. All these days, it was leading upto this. I did not want tothink of right or wrong. Actually this seemed so right, so very appropriate.

"Ooooh baby," I rasped, peeling my mouth from hisand staring down at him, "Are you absolutely sure about...this?"

He nodded up at me feebly.

"Tell me, darling. Tell me what you want." I saidsoftly, a quiver in my voice.

"You know what I want, Amma?" He choked.

"Say it. It's very important. I need you to say thewords, I need you to ask me." I urged.

"Oh, Amma," He moaned, "Could I please makelove to you.... ?"

I smiled down at him and whispered hoarsely, "Yes, mydarling. I think...I think I would like that...very much."

A shiver of anticipation ran through me. I lifted myself up alittle and choked, "Slide down just a b..bit, Kanna." He slid downthe bed slightly and moaned when I reach down between us and took his erectionin my hand.

I stroked and pulled athis magnificent penis for a few moments and smiled at his reaction.

I pushed up with myknees and, bunching my dress, I raised his swollen penis and rubbed hisengorged head up and down my drooling labia. I was operating on pure instinctand unable to think. My blood was boiling and the enormity of what I was aboutto do only increased my excitement.

I wasn't smiling when Ipositioned him beneath me and eased myself down onto him.

My body was so hot andI was so well lubricated his hardness slid into me easily. I was wracked with adelicious combination of unimaginable pleasure and exquisite pain as his crownspread my labia and eased slowly into my weeping canal. Our eyes were locked,our mouths gaping, as inch by inch my vagina engulfed him.

The room was filled with low moaning grunts and cries as wefinally consummated our love.

I had never experienced anything so gloriously erotic. I feltlike I was being ripped in two. Karthik was considerably longer and thickerthan his father was and his penetration seemed to go on forever.

I bit my bottom lip tokeep from crying out and, arching my back, I thrust myself down onto him ashard as I could manage and came to rest with his magnificent penis buried tothe hilt inside my vagina. I felt him pressing against my cervix as he bottomedout. Mini orgasms ripped through my body, setting me ablaze. I was deliriousand so consumed with wanton lust I couldn't think.

The massive penis thatfilled my pussy made me feel bloated. I was unable to move and for several longmoments I just sat there impaled, trying to adjust to his size. We just staredat each other as if unable to believe we were really doing what we were doing.We were both trembling uncontrollably and we were having trouble breathing.

"Ooooh Ammmaaaaaa..."He whimpered softly. "You're so...t...tight...so hot..."

"Wait B...Baby!" I sobbed, "You'retoo...ughn...big. Give me a minute to g...get used t...to it."

"I love you, M...Amma...." Karthik cried softly. "I am sorryyy... should.. I... move.. I mean....gghhh..stop"

"Oh, Kanna, I loveyou soooo m...much." I moaned as I leaned down and claimed his mouth withmine. "Please don't leave..... just a few moments as Amma's take you in". Ismiled at him... my heart overflowing with love for my boy, my man.

We kissed desperately,our tongues writhing together. I wrapped my arms around his neck and head, andclung to him with a feverish urgency. Karthik's arms were wrapped around melike bands of steel. As we kissed I could feel the muscles in my vaginagradually relaxing around him.

Leisurely I peeled my lips from his mouth and pushed myselfup. I stared down at him and smiled softly as I adjusted to his thicknessinside me. My body was being consumed with passions that I had never feltbefore. My sole aim was to quench the fires burning inside me.

I placed my hands on his shoulders and, biting my lower lip, Ilifted myself up and groaned deeply as three or four inches of his erectionpulled from my long-neglected pussy.

"Oh Ammmaaaaaaaaaaa... mmmm..." He whimpered softly.

I paused for a fewseconds before sliding back down to engulf his rigid organ again.

"Ooooooooooh yessssssssss..." I moaned deeply,spasms of erotic joy ripping through me as I settled on him. My whole being wascovered in gooseflesh. I was shaking uncontrollably. My entire body was wrackedwith bolts of electricity that raised the hair on the back of my neck.

"Ooooooooooh G...God Amma! It feels soooo g...good."Karthik cried, his entire body flexing. His hands held my midriff.

I was overcome by the pure, erotic happiness of having hispenis inside me. 

I was unable to think; I could only feel. I could feel hisimmense penis stretching me. I could feel my hyper-stimulated clitoris rubbinghard against him on each down thrust. I could feel an excitement I had neverfelt before.

We locked eyes andstared into the depths of each other's souls and as I began to slowly move upand down on him, I felt myself falling into a lusty whirlpool.

It didn't take long.The excitement of our first time was overwhelming -- Karthik was a virgin and Ihad been neglected far too long. I slid up and down his colossus a few timesand it was enough to push us both over the edge.

Karthik was mewlinglike a kitten, crying and whimpering as I rode him. He was inexperienced and hisexcitement was too great and, even though he had ejaculated only minutesbefore, he was unable to contain himself. He began jerking under me as he lostcontrol and I felt him swell inside me in prelude to orgasm.

"Oooooohhhhhh No...Ammmaaaaaa.. I ....... Ammma... Ammmaaaa, Ammmmaaaa ...!" He cried gutturally,clamping his arms around my waist, holding me impaled on his majestic cock. Hespasmed violently as he came and I felt his hot semen pumping out of him intomy ravenous pussy. Over and over he lurched under me as he discharged histhick, hot come deep into my belly. I bit my lip and whimpered as I felt thewarmth of his come spread through me.

His orgasm triggered my own.

When I came I felt likeI had been hit in the head with a cricket bat. My climax was stunning in itsintensity. Fireworks burst in my head and convulsions of pure, unadulteratedpower wracked through my body. Erotic ecstasy threatened to separate me fromreality.

"Ooooohhhhhhh Kannnnaaaaaa ......Karthik!" I yelledloudly, wrapping my arms around his head and convulsing uncontrollably. Thepower of my orgasm was mind-bending and as I clung to him and rode the waves oferotic joy that washed over me I felt my pussy contracting on his erection,milking him of his heavy cream.

I had never experiencedsuch a powerful orgasm in my life and as he jerked and spasmed inside me, Ishuddered and quivered uncontrollably over him. As I rode the waves of euphoriaI whimpered with a joy I'd never known.

Slowly, deliciously,our orgasms waned to a soft, warm afterglow. We didn't speak. We just held fastto each other and relished the aftermath of our union. Our breathing graduallyreturned to normal, our panting cries of ecstasy slowly faded. 

A parade of delicious emotions marched through me at thatmoment: elation, ecstasy, incredible joy, and complete satisfaction. Theextraordinary feeling of being filled with Karthik's warm come was beyondanything I had ever dreamed possible. My mind and my body were still reactingto the erotic thrill of the realization that I had actually just made love tomy son. I leaned back and looked into his eyes.

He seemed to be in a state of shock. His eyes were wide openand had a glazed appearance. His nostrils were flared and his lips trembled.His penis had softened a bit inside me, but I could still feel his pulseagainst my vaginal walls.

I smiled down at him gently and caressed his face with myfingers. "That was wonderful, my darling."

"Oh Amma," He sobbed with uncontrolled passion,"You have no idea...so amazing..."

The room seemed to be filled with a soft, golden cloud thatsurrounded us. Small, warm electric tingles fired through my extremities atrandom. I had never felt such complete sexual happiness before and as we clungto each other and luxuriated in the afterglow of our lovemaking I knew that hewas exactly where I needed to be.

"I love you so much, Amma." Karthik whisperedhuskily, his fingers nervously stroking my ass.

I smiled at him lovingly, "I love you, too, Kanna."

We leaned into each other and our mouths came together in adeliciously wet kiss. I wrapped my arms around his neck and sucked his tongueinto my mouth. We held each other desperately, as if trying to become one.

"Was it what you expected, Kanna?" I askedhopefully.

"God, Amma! It was so much better than I ever dreamed itwould be." Karthik answered earnestly. "You're so tight...and hot andso wet. It was unbelievable, Amma."

"Thank you, sweetheart." I grinned, flexing myvaginal muscles on his softening penis, "I'll give you the hot and wetpart -- you get me that way -- but I'm only tight because you're so...big. Ifelt like a virgin when you first entered me."

"Ughn...Amma..." He moaned at my ministration,"I'm sorry I didn't...uh...last very long."

"Sweetheart, I would have been shocked if you had. Justthe fact that you were able to get it in me without ejaculating was a littlesurprising." I smiled down at him and winked suggestively. "You'lldevelop stamina and staying power as you gain...um...experience."

He squirmed a little and grinned happily, "We'll get todo this again?"

I laughed. "Kanna, if you think I'm going not going toneed your love, you're crazy. Don't tell me that you've spent all this time andenergy writing about getting into my bed for just one quickie"



He grinned, "Amma, you sound so...hot...when you say thispromise. You have no idea what you're asking for. If you let me I'll be makinglove to you every chance I get."

"Mmmm...I don't know, Kanna. I've got a pretty strong sexdrive...I'm not sure you'll be able to keep up with my demands." I grinnedat him lewdly.

"Please!" He snorted, leaning forward and brushingmy nipples with his lips, "I'm going to wear you out."

"Ooooohhh yessss." I shuddered at the feeling of hiswarm breath on my skin, "I'll gladly give you the... opportunity to try,lover."

I felt my body responding and quickly pushed him back."Darling, as much as I like the idea of seeing if you can wear me outright now, I need to move back... go the rest room.. and all that"

His disappointment was evident but he nodded in agreement. Itook his discarded T-Shirt. 

I grimaced as his penis slipped deliciously from my pussy andslapped wetly against his stomach. I quickly wadded up his cotton tee andstuffed it between my legs, damming the rush of our mingled fluids. I sopped upan amazing amount of come as it drained from my vagina.

"Oh my, "I breathed heavily, "You sure had alot to give, baby."