His hand splays across her belly as he pushes her back, urges her to lie down once more. Removing his shirt, he wipes first her hands clean with the fabric, then his own, before tossing it off the side of the bed, another unimportant detail that will be taken care of later. Tarrant leans back over her, inhales the scent of her arousal. He whimpers at the thought of her wet curls... but no, it’s too soon for that, isn’t it? His Alice will need more wooing before she is Ready and he will need more time before he can even hope to Satisfy her. 

His fingers tickle, tease, travel towards her hemline, and then she’s helping him. Her hips are lifting, her back arching, her shoulders rising... The shrift is pulled up and over her head, leaving her open—completely, brazenly bare!—to his hungry gaze. 

It is just as well he’d already found his release. If he hadn’t he would have undoubtedly marred this perfection with his impatient and inconsolable lust. As it is he cannot stop his hands from smoothing up her sides to her arms and then down to her hands, which he grasps and then turns his own within the cradle of her fingers. He grips her fingertips in his hand, presses them into his palms, urges her to hold onto his hands and not let go. 

“I mun touch ye, Alice,” he whispers. “I cannae...” 

All he can think of is pinning her down and opening his mouth over her breasts, licking and sucking, kissing and biting and tasting and... Alice should not be treated like a squimberry tart! He must touch her as he would seduce a batten, please her and tickle her and make her giggle and gasp and groan... 

But he cannot do that alone. 

“Steady my hands on your breasts, Alice…” he pleads, “guide me.” 

“Tarrant...” she murmurs, her breaths heaving and causing her delectable breasts to rise and fall – temptation itself. She lifts first one hand and then the other to her mouth, kisses his just-healed knuckles and just-uncallused fingertips. Alice watches him as she does this and he watches her, waiting for her to show his hands where to touch her, how to touch her... 

Her pink tongue emerges from between her teeth and lips, laps at the pad of his middle finger. He shivers and she dares to slide the digit between her lips, just up to the smallest knuckle, and sucks. 

“ Alice! ” The quicksilver is back, dancing in his blood. He can feel himself firming although not nearly to the painful hardness he had experienced earlier. Still, it won’t be long and if he has to... relieve himself again he will not be able to give Alice what she wants. What he wants. 

He wants to be inside of her, to be welcomed and caressed and Taken... 

She pushes his hands down her throat, over her collarbone, and then... 

“ Ah... ” He sighs at the same time she gasps. He is touching her, his wife, on her lovely and perfect breasts. Her nipples harden against his fingertips and he rubs teasing circles against them with his palms. Alice arcs into his touch and he feels himself leaning over her... He is going fast – too fast – but he cannot Stop! 

He breathes against the crinkled, pink tip of her left breast, dares to lick it briefly, exhales deliberately, enjoys the shiver that ripples through her body. He steadies her breast in his hand and returns his mouth to it, scrapes his teeth over it. 

The sound she releases is strangled but it would have been a scream had she been even the slightest bit more beyond her own control. 

“Tarrant,” she begs, squirming urgently beneath him. “Please...” 

She grasps wildly at his hand, scratching the back of it with her nails. She doesn’t appear to notice and Tarrant decides it’s not worth a mention. No, he’d much rather discover what she wants him to do with his hand. His breath slams into his throat as she presses it against her skin, shoves it down her body to the one place he must wait to touch because she is not Ready and he will be very Ready if he feels her there and... 

Ah, Underland, she is wet! He squeezes his eyes shut and clenches his teeth. Alice is wet for him! He can feel the dampness that has soaked her feminine curls and his hand trembles between her thighs – which are open for him! 

“It’s all right,” she rasps, pulling his hand away. “You don’t have to if you don’t like—” 

The very thought that he doesn’t want—! That he doesn’t like— ! 

Tarrant feels his nose twitch with her scent; his nostrils flare; he climbs on top of her, slants his mouth hungrily over hers and spears her curls with his fingers. This is how much he Wants! This is how much he Likes touching her Here. 

He swallows her startled gasp as his middle finger, the one she had briefly and tortuously sucked, slips into her hot – Oh, Underland! – wet – Madness save him! – soft – Ah, please! – core. If his tongue weren’t so busy commanding her attention, he would have used it to tell her precisely how much he Likes having her open and willing and moaning beneath him. 

Again her hand guides his, she scrabbles at him, maneuvers his hand away, drags the finger that is wet with her essence up between her delectable folds until he feels a small bump in her flesh. The instant he touches her there, she gasps, whines, arches, hisses between her teeth and clutches his shoulder with her other hand. 

“Like this?” he asks circling that bundle above her entrance. He grins at his choice of words. 

“Yes,” she answers succinctly, breathlessly, responding to his two-questions-in-one with a very versatile reply of her own. 

Fascinated by the sight of her flushed with pleasure, he submits to her guiding hand and, moments later, finds his longest finger deep within her and his thumb massaging the pleasurable spot above. She writhes, shudders, clutches at him with both hands and lifts her hips against him, rides his hand, Takes him... 

“Nearly,” she mouths. “Crook your finger... inside.” 

He does. 

The effect is electric: her entire body jerks; her fingers clutch his arms so tightly he can feel her short nails digging into his skin; her head slams back against the pillows. 

She screams. 

It is still not a proper scream, he notes. Perhaps he will – with practice – be able to coax one of those from her lovely throat one day. He marvels as her hips continue to rotate against his hand in small, tense circles. She had found her release – he had seen it, felt it, heard it in the hitching call that had pushed its way out of her throat. But she is still moving... Wanting... 

“Tarrant?” she whispers, her hands smoothing over the skin that they had just moments earlier been clutching. He shivers as her palm meanders over his shoulder, across his chest, down to his— 

He jerks as her fingers close around him. He is firm again. Very firm. Hard. He had not noticed until this moment. Until Alice had – quite literally – drawn his attention to it. She licks her lips. “I need...” 

“Yes,” he growls. He kisses her briefly, deeply, then nuzzles down her throat and trails his teeth over first one breast and then the other. He removes his hand from her warmth, and – uncaring of the wetness on his fingers – pushes her thigh further to the side, crouches between her legs. He does not ask her if she is sure, if she is ready. Her hands reach for his hips; her own hips rock toward him; her thighs are opening wider of her own accord . 

He is tempted – so tempted – to enter her now, thrust and groan and rock his hips against hers. But no, first... First he will have a Taste of her. 

“Tarrant? What—?” 

Before she can try to stop him or deny him, he moves back further, urges her folds to open for him with his thumbs and swipes his tongue across her entrance. 

“ Tarrant! ” 

It does not sound like an objection, so he does it again, lingering this time and extending his venture up further until. 

“ TARRANT! ” 

She comes again, arching and rocking and a whining wheeze escapes her throat. One day, when he has mastered his control, he will return to this point. He will investigate just how much pleasure he can give her with a soft, hot, agile tongue applied to her most secret of secrets. But not now. Not tonight. 

He rises over her, the inside of her thighs brushing against his sides and hips. He grasps her knees, moves his hands down to cradle her calves. She locks her ankles together behind his back and pulls him toward her. He braces his hands on either side of her arms and then her pale hands are reaching between them, grasping him – oh, Alice! – and guiding him in...! 

Outlandish – even garbled Outlandish is not enough to describe the sensation of being inside his wife whose body is so hot and deep and wet and perfectly shaped to hold him. For a long moment, he cannot move, cannot think or breathe at the feel of her like this – Why had he refused her that day on the hilltop? – and then she moves impatiently against him. 

“Tarrant, please... ” 

“Alice,” he hears himself babble over and over again. “Alice, I love you. I want you. I want... need ... Love...” 

“I love you, Tarrant,” she whispers into his ear, causing him to shudder and his hips to jerk and his mind to blank and there exists nothing else in the world but this feeling of in and out and faster and more and harder and there! and “give me” and again! and in and out and winding tighter and faster and more – much more! – and—! 

“ TARRANT! ” 

And then: hot-tight-wet-more-fast- tighter - hotter-shuddering-reaching-grabbing-thrusting-mine-soft-take-have-faster-Alice-MINE! 

Perhaps he says her name as his release crashes into him, wrings him, destroys and remakes him. Perhaps he merely shouts a sobbing cry. He follows the sounds of his own labored breaths back to reality, to this bed, to his wife and finds himself still on top of her, bracing himself on his elbows to keep from crushing her completely although he knows he is still squishing her into the mattress. But, if the fingertips trailing aimlessly over his bare back are any indication, Alice doesn’t mind. 

Still searching for a breath (all the ones he takes escape as soon as possible; perhaps they are the wrong breaths and he is Stealing them from their rightful owner?), he smiles against his wife’s neck, licks a patch of damp, sweaty skin just below her ear. 

“Alice...” he gasps. “Tell me you’re all right. Lie if you must, just please tell me that I didn’t... that tonight won’t be the last time we...” 

She presses a trembling hand to his cheek. “I won’t lie, my husband. You were perfect, wonderful, spectacular... And I’m sure I will want more... after a bit of a nap.” 

He snorts with laughter against her skin. And marvels that the sensation of Pure Relief has quite a lot in common with Falling Asleep. He is aware – although only vaguely – of moving off of her, of kicking off his trousers which are crushed around his knees, of offering Alice the handkerchief he keeps in his left-side trouser pocket, of cloth gently touching – cleaning – his utterly exhausted sex... And then he slips away into slumber.