Season three. Wow, it was hard to believe.

Jared swept the make-up artists up into a hug, one after the other. It was good to see people again; it was amazing how much he'd missed everyone over hiatus. The first day passed in a rush of catching up with them all and hearing what they'd been up to over the past few months.

Someone had stocked up on gummi-worms and jelly beans for him, in two giant tubs in the make-up trailer. Jared shoveled them into his mouth with a contented sigh. Some days, life was good.

Sandy came up to stay for a couple of weeks at the end of the summer. Her role in the episode would probably only take one day to shoot, but she and Jared were both beyond eager for the excuse to spend some time together.

It was amazing having Sandy staying in his house. They'd never officially lived together, even though when he'd gone back to L.A. in the past couple of years, it had always been her place he'd crashed at. Even now, it wasn't quite like living together - the house was Jared's, the furniture was too, and Sandy didn't know the neighborhood yet. But two weeks was a long time, longer than they'd managed to spend together at any time outside of hiatus in the past few years. Two weeks of falling asleep in the same bed and waking up together in the mornings, two weeks of showering together and eating dinner together...

Sandy was nervous about her role, so they practiced the scene together a few times. Normally Sandy didn't like practicing for roles with him - it made her feel self-conscious, she always said, though as far as Jared was concerned, she had no reason to be - but since they would be performing it together, it made a lot of sense.

"I just want it to be perfect," Sandy said anxiously, looking over the script again, though Jared figured she had to have the entire episode memorized by now, not just her own lines.

"It'll be perfect," Jared reassured her, tucking her hair behind her ear. "You're perfect. Honestly, baby, I'm not just saying that."

"It's a big deal, though," Sandy said. "I really just want to get it right for all of you. Especially you."

Jared kissed her. "You will. You're going to be awesome, Sandy."

"You're biased, though," Sandy said, giving him a smile of appreciation for his efforts nonetheless.

"Tell you what," Jared said, "if you're that worried, we could invite Jensen over for dinner tonight. He can give an unbiased opinion of us both and give us a few tips. What do you think?"

Sandy hesitated for a moment, but nodded. "I guess it's a good idea. I just get nervous, you know?"

Jared hugged her. "You know Jensen, though. You don't need to be nervous of him, he adores you." Jensen really did, he knew. He'd sent her birthday and Christmas presents for the past year or two. Jared was glad - they were both family, and it was good that they got along so well.

Jensen sounded a little uncertain when Jared invited him over for dinner, but Jared knew him well enough to recognize it as the kind of uncertainty that came from not wanting to intrude on his and Sandy's alone time, not any lack of interest. When Jared explained that Sandy needed some reassurance from a more neutral source, Jensen was immediately enthusiastic.

"Hey, man," Jared said, welcoming him in the doorway and pulling him into a quick hug. "You bring the beer?"

"Of course I brought the beer," Jensen said, pulling back and pressing it against Jared's chest. "Hey, Sandy, good to see you again." He swept her into a hug too.

"Hi, Jensen," Sandy said, smiling as if she'd forgotten her nervousness. "You're looking good."

Jensen laughed. "I got a sane number of hours' sleep last night. But just wait until you see me mid-week."

They set about cooking dinner, chatting and kidding around. Jared ducked out of the kitchen for a moment to grab some more beer, grinning at the sound of their voices behind him, as Jensen laughed at some joke Sandy was telling.

"Does Jared even own a grater?" he heard Sandy ask as he returned, her voice fond and exasperated.

"Cabinet over there, with the candles," Jensen told her. "Don't ask me why it's there, I don't pretend to understand how his mind works."

"Nobody understands how his mind works," Sandy grumbled good-naturedly.

"That's because I'm a genius," Jared told her, setting down the beer and stealing a quick kiss.

"That's because you're out of your mind," Jensen corrected him, and snagged a beer. Jared swatted his arm, then went to grab the onions from the fridge.

After dinner, Jensen got them to run through their scene a couple of times, and offered his advice. Sandy seemed more confident by the time they finished up, Jensen's words of encouragement evidently having made an impression. Jared was glad. He loved her for being so determined that everything should be perfect, just because this was his show, and so it was important to her, too - but he knew she'd do a great job; there was no need for her to be so stressed about it.

Jensen clapped him on the shoulder, and kissed Sandy on the cheek as he left.

The writers' strike wasn't exactly unexpected; it had been coming for a long while, but Jared had still somehow hoped that things might be resolved at the eleventh hour to prevent it. He was at one and the same time supportive of the strike's aims, and nervous about the possible consequences. They'd gotten through the last few episodes that had been written before the strike began, but production was going to have to halt in a day or two, and there was no way to know for certain whether Supernatural would be brought back whenever the strike finally ended. And what was going to happen to the crew?

"What are you going to do?" he asked Jensen.

Jensen shrugged. "Have a break, I guess. It doesn't seem like there'll be much chance to work or anything. Though maybe they'll get us to do some promotional stuff."

In the end, it turned out to be a pretty nice break, though it would have been nicer if they'd had the security of knowing when and how it was going to end. Jared managed to land a role in the new Friday The Thirteenth movie that was due to start shooting when the hiatus would normally be - assuming hiatus wound up being at the normal time, and the strike was over by then so the script could be finished properly.

The strike had made him think, though, about all sorts of things. How things could be taken away, even if you didn't want them to be. That you never knew what was waiting around the corner.

Things had been kind of tough for Sandy and him this season so far. He wasn't sure what exactly the cause was - whether it all went back to that conversation when he'd told her he was selling his apartment in L.A., whether he'd fucked that up more than he'd realized. He didn't think so, though. Mostly it was just the distance messing with them. And the fact that they were both busy as hell - Jared had only managed to make it down to L.A. once before the strike began, and other than her visit to shoot the episode she'd appeared in, Sandy had only made it up once as well. Jared didn't hold that against her, just as he knew she didn't hold his rare visits against him. But still... But still, although Sandy's longer visit had been awesome, it had also brought home to them both what they were missing. Much though Jared had enjoyed every moment of it, when she'd left, he'd damn near gone to pieces.

So the really awesome part of the strike was being able to spend more time with Sandy, even take her to Europe. And it was good to be with her again, to hold her in his arms and hear her laughter.

It wasn't until they reached Paris that Jared realized what he wanted to do.

It was worth the trouble of finding a ring when Sandy flung her arms around him and whispered "Yes, Jared, god yes" in his ear.

It wasn't even quite six months later that Sandy looked at him, her face broken open with sadness, and asked, "What are we doing, Jared?"

And the thing was - the worst thing was, he still loved her. He was still in love with her, and that hadn't changed. But the very worst thing of all was that he knew she was right. The fact that they still loved each other wasn't enough any more - probably hadn't been for a while, if he'd been honest enough with himself to admit it. They'd tried to keep going because they'd both wanted it to work out, but... it hadn't. He didn't want to think about how much his proposal had been a desperate effort to hold on, to somehow make things right again.

They hugged for a long time before he walked out the door. Jared thought for a dazed moment about finding a hotel room, but that was really the last thing he could face right then, and instead he found himself a flight back to Vancouver.

The flight itself was a blur. Nothing made much sense until he realized he was on the phone to Jensen, and Jensen was cursing softly under his breath and then said, "Oh, fuck, Jared. Man. I'm so sorry."

It was only then that Jared tasted the salt of the tears in his mouth.

The next few days remained a blur. Jensen called him constantly in breaks between filming, sometimes not even to say anything, just to sit in silence. Jared knew that if there had been any way Jensen could escape his shoot for a few days, he would have been there, and it was a comforting thought as he wandered around his empty house.

His family, when he finally got it together enough to let them know, were equally frantic. His mom had seemed set on jumping on the next plane to Vancouver until Jared had remembered that he was going to be back in Texas at the weekend anyway for a fan convention. When he promised to come home after that, she finally relented.

The thought of the convention made him shudder. He always had a great time, normally, but this time he was going to have to stand up there and tell them about Sandy, and he really didn't know if he could do it. God, he wished Jensen had been able to get out of filming for long enough to come too, but he'd been forced to cancel a while back, and Jared knew there was no chance.

Things got worse when his agent called to tell him of the rumors circulating - that he'd cheated on Sandy, that he'd done all kinds of shitty things he didn't even want to think about. Jared hung up before he could suggest any kind of strategy. It might be his agent's job, but Jared wasn't ready to deal with this from that perspective, as something to be managed, not yet.

The phone rang again five minutes later. Jared ignored it, let it join the white noise clogging up his head. Then he retreated to the bathroom and stood under the shower spray, blind to everything, until the water ran cold enough to make an impression and force him out again.

"I spoke to Sandy," Jensen said at some point in the course of that week; Jared was a bit hazy on the days.

It wasn't a surprise, Jared told himself. Sandy and Jensen were friends too, after all. "How is she?"

"She sounds about the same as you do," Jensen said. "A couple of her friends are staying with her at the moment, though. She's not alone."

Jared breathed out slowly. He'd been worried about that, in the back of his mind. "Good."

"She also asked me to tell you she's been in touch with one of her fan sites, to make clear none of the other rumors are true," Jensen told him steadily. "So hopefully that should make this weekend a bit easier."

Jared shook his head mutely and bent forward to rest his forehead against the table. He should have known she would do something like that. That was his Sandy, all right.

Not any more.

At some point - after the convention, after just about every member of Jensen's family turned up to give him a hug and make sure he wasn't alone, after listening to Jensen's voice on the phone before and after and during the whole thing, after making the announcement, after going home and feeling his momma's arms around him - the numb state in which the entire world seemed like white noise broke, and everything snapped into inescapable clarity.

It was over. It was really over. And even though he knew it was the right decision for both of them, even though he knew it had been coming for a while and had probably been delayed for longer than was smart... it still fucking hurt.

He was in his old bedroom in his parents' house, taking a breather from his mother's overpowering concern, when he heard voices at the front door - Yes, he's upstairs, second door on the left, it's great to see you again - and sat up, frowning.

Jensen walked in without knocking and immediately pulled him into a hug.

Jared couldn't find his voice to ask what Jensen was doing there, how he'd managed to arrange for the time off, anything; just lowered his head to bury his face against Jensen's shoulder, and let it all go.

The weirdest part, Jared realized at some point during his trip to Australia, was how nothing was any different, really.

He almost forgot, sometimes. He was so used to Sandy being a long way away that it was easy to put it out of his mind and focus on other things instead. And then every so often something would happen to remind him, and it would hit him all over again. But most of the time, nothing was different.

He called her from Australia, and she sounded just as happy to hear from him as she always did.

"It was the right decision, wasn't it," he said, after a while. It wasn't really a question.

Sandy sighed. "It was. I might wish it hadn't been, but it was. And you're doing okay, aren't you?"

Jared thought about it, and was sad to realize it was the truth. "Yeah. Yeah, I guess I am. That - god, that feels so wrong."

Sandy chuckled sadly. "No, I know what you mean. Me too. It's okay, Jared. We're going to be okay."

Jared held onto that when they hung up, and for the rest of his time in Australia.

At the airport he bought a postcard, wrote Miss you and sent it to her. Then he bought a tacky snowglobe with a little model of Sydney Opera House in it for Jensen.

"He's kicking you out? Seriously?"

Jensen groaned and tipped his head back to rest on the back of the sofa. "Well, he mentioned he was thinking of selling a while back, but I didn't realize he was that serious about it, and with one thing and another I kinda just forgot about it. I don't blame him, though, it's not like he's working up here anymore."

"We start shooting in, like, four days," Jared pointed out. "When do you need to be out?"

Jensen grimaced. "A couple of weeks. But once shooting starts, I'm never going to have time to look for somewhere. I'm thinking of just moving back into the hotel I was in before, I was fairly settled there."

Jared tilted his head to look at him, and thought about Jensen moving back into the hotel suite, putting half his stuff back in storage. He knew Jensen wouldn't really be that bothered about it - he'd only moved into the apartment as a favor to the friend he'd been renting it from, and that had been less than a year ago - but it bothered him.

"Move in here," he heard himself saying before he realized he was going to.

Jensen blinked at him, and Jared said, "Well, it makes sense, man. This place is way too big for just me, I still haven't done anything with most of the rooms. You can crash here until you find another place, it's got to be better than the hotel, right?"

"I can't do that," Jensen protested. "Dude, this is your home -"

Jared couldn't help laughing a little at that, because he'd never thought of it that way, for some reason. His house, yes, but his home?

"Seriously, Jensen," he said. "It'd be cool. I mean, the kind of hours we work, it's not like we'd be spending that much time here anyway, right? We could have fun. I could kick your ass at Madden in the middle of the night."

Jensen still looked uncertain, like he was about to refuse out of some kind of politeness. Jared was surprised by how much he wanted this, suddenly, even though he hadn't considered it before, so he added, "Besides, I wouldn't mind the company."

Jensen looked at him sharply, and Jared forced himself to meet his gaze. He knew Jensen was probably assuming this was something to do with his break-up with Sandy, and hell, maybe on some level it was, but mostly it was just the feeling that it would be wrong for Jensen to move back into a hotel. Jared wanted him there.

"Okay," Jensen said finally. "Thanks, man."

Jared grinned, and let Jensen assume whatever he wanted to assume.

Having Jensen as a roommate was working out pretty well. With them both being on much the same schedule and knowing what each other's day had been like, they had a good idea of when the other needed space. Most of the time they just had fun hanging out together, though. Sometimes they just collapsed in the living room and put a dvd on, or if they were feeling a bit more energetic, they had epic games tournaments against each other. Sometimes they cooked together, sometimes they ordered in.

A lot of the time they'd just sit together, running lines or talking about anything and nothing.

It was comfortable, more so than Jared had even expected when he'd suggested it.

"Come on, man," he announced, barging into Jensen's room. "Get your lazy ass out of bed, we're going for a run."

Jensen blinked up at him, then groaned and threw an arm over his eyes. "Oh my god, get out of here, you sadistic asshole."

"Oh no," Jared told him firmly. "Come on. You've got two minutes to get up before I send Sadie in here for a drool attack."

He glanced around while waiting for Jensen to concede defeat and get up. There were still boxes stacked in every corner, and Jensen was sleeping on a futon. Or, currently, pretending to sleep.

"Come on," he said, and grabbed Jensen's arm, hauling him up to a sitting position. Jensen's hair was sticking up every which way, and Jared couldn't stop grinning at it. "We're going for a run, and then breakfast, and then we're going to buy you a real bed."

"What?" Jensen asked, still looking half-asleep and confused. "But -"

"Dude," Jared said. "It's been a month. And it's going good, isn't it? Let's just... do it right. Okay?"

Jensen blinked at him, then scrubbed a hand over his face and nodded. "Okay. A bed. What the hell."

"And maybe some shelves for you to put your pretty little snowglobes on," Jared added, and backed out of the room, laughing, as Jensen's pillow narrowly missed hitting him in the face.

They got more than just the bed and the shelves, in the end. Jared convinced Jensen to get a few more pieces of furniture too, and gave him a hand unpacking his boxes and making his room look more like a place where he was really living than a squat.

"Seriously, though," Jensen said over dinner that night. "This is your place, Jared. I just don't want to..."

Jared sighed and buried his face in his hands. "Dude, I told you. This is your place now too. It's our place."

"Yeah, but -" Jensen argued.

"No buts," Jared told him. "I'm serious, man. I don't want you to feel like this is my place and I'm just letting your crash here for now, okay? I want it to be your place too." He paused, suddenly uncertain. "I mean, unless you want to find another place on your own. I could get that, you know -"

"Jared," Jensen interrupted. "I don't want to move out."

Jared looked at him for a moment, then nodded. "Okay. Then seriously, let's just - let's do it right, okay? You get downstairs, I get upstairs, we share the kitchen and the living room and everything, and - we should put your name on the mortgage, so it's right, okay?"

"Okay," Jensen said. "Okay."

It was really weird, getting involved with someone who wasn't Sandy.

Gen was an awesome girl, and Jared was definitely attracted to her, but he knew damn well that if he'd still been with Sandy he'd never have given her a second glance, and that was a weird feeling.

"I don't know if I'm ready," he admitted to Jensen one night.

They were slumped on the couch in the living room, lights turned down, the remains of their pizza in the boxes on the coffee table. Jared knew he ought to get up and go to bed - they had work in the morning, and he needed the sleep - but he didn't want to move just yet.

"You're the only one who can decide that," Jensen told him. "No one's forcing you, man. It's hasn't been that long."

"Yeah, I know," Jared said. "Gen's a great girl, though. I do like her. Just..."

Jensen sighed. "You want my advice? Level with her. Tell her how you're feeling about the whole thing and let her decide what she wants."

Jared thought about it. "Maybe you're right."

"I'm always right," Jensen informed him, his tone so close to Dean's that Jared couldn't suppress a Sam-like eyeroll of amused exasperation.

Talking to Gen went well, though, better than he'd hoped for, and Jared found himself tentatively stepping into something that could sort of be considered a relationship.

He called Sandy, to warn her - it was bound to get out sooner rather than later, and he didn't want her finding out through a gossip site or a newspaper. And also because he couldn't help but feel guilty about it.

"Oh, Jared," Sandy sighed. "It's okay. I mean... yes, I feel a bit... but I get it."

"It's not serious," Jared told her. "We're keeping it really casual. I'm not... I'm not anywhere near ready for anything serious. But I still wanted you to know."

"Thank you," Sandy said, and he could hear the genuine affection in her voice. "Now tell me how season four's going so far."

Now the living arrangements were properly finalized and agreed on, Jensen seemed to feel happier about making the rooms on the lower floor his own. Jared was pleased when he bought some more furniture and even painted the walls in one room.

When Jensen was away one weekend, visiting Danneel, Jared snuck into his room and found the box with all his snowglobes. Jensen still hadn't gotten around to unpacking them.

He set them all up in the living room, mixed in with the couple that Jensen had given him, and nodded with satisfaction when he got them all positioned just so.

Jensen's face when he got back and saw them was the best thing ever.

"I'm surprised you two haven't killed each other yet," Gen said.

They were making dinner, the four of them - Danneel was visiting for the weekend. For a minute, Jared honestly thought she was referring to Jensen and Danneel, until she raised her eyebrows at him and he realized - huh.

"We get it all out of our systems by trouncing each other on the Playstation," Jensen joked. "Or at least, I do - I don't know about Jared, it's not like he manages to beat me all that often..."

"Oh, you are so going down later on," Jared promised him.

Gen laughed, but continued, "Seriously, though. I mean, I know the hours you guys work. After that, I could not go home and hang out with the same person, you know? I would go insane."

Jared shrugged, feeling oddly self-conscious, and chanced a glance at Jensen, who was looking right at him, a similarly odd expression in his eyes.

"I don't know," Jared said finally. "It just works. It's cool."

"We like hanging out together," Jensen added. "So it's all good."

"Just as well, or your show would be in real trouble by now," Danneel joked. "Hey, pass me that knife, Gen?"

There was a moment of confusion as both Jensen and Gen tried to follow her instruction, and in the laughter that followed, the topic was forgotten. But Jared found himself weirdly conscious of Jensen for the rest of the evening, and caught a strange look in Jensen's eye from time to time.

"Eric spoke to me today," Gen said one evening.

It was late March; Jared was exhausted from shooting the last couple of episodes prior to the season finale. Everyone had been working flat-out for weeks. The exhaustion was probably why he didn't pick up on her tone of voice immediately. "Yeah?" was all he said.

"Yeah," Gen said, and paused before going on, "they've decided that if they get a fifth season, they're not going to bring me back as Ruby - either kill the character off or have a new actress play her again."

Jared blinked and felt himself suddenly become much more awake. "Wait - seriously?"

Gen shrugged. "Yeah. He was really nice about it, though - said he liked what I'd done with the character and all, but he just wants to keep mixing things up a bit."

"Wow," Jared said. He'd known it was a possibility, of course, in the same way just about everyone other than Jensen and him were up for discussion. But he hadn't actually thought about it at all in practice. "Wow, I'm sorry."

"Nah, don't be," Gen reassured him, smiling. "I mean, it's been a blast, but I'm ready to move on to a new project, really. Plus a few of your fans can be a bit scary sometimes."

Jared snorted. "Even so... I'm sorry."

"It's cool," Gen said. "It was more the other thing that I wanted to talk to you about." She paused, and then smiled. "But we don't really need to have some kind of tortured 'we need to talk' discussion, do we? We're both on the same page, here."

Jared smiled, feeling a rush of affection for her. "Yeah, I guess you're right."

"Good," Gen said, and pecked him on the cheek. "I mean it, though. It's been a blast."

Jared hugged her and saw her to the front door, then closed it and waited in case a wave of depression was just waiting to hit him. But it didn't seem to be. He and Gen had had a blast, yeah, but they'd always been closer to friends with benefits than anything else. He wasn't sure yet how he felt about her leaving, but... it would be okay.

"Everything okay?" Jensen asked, appearing in the doorway to his room.

Jared looked at him, then nodded. He wasn't ready to talk about it yet, not even to Jensen, not until he figured out himself what he was feeling. But Jensen's company was always a good thing. "Yeah. You up for for getting your ass kicked?"

"Bring it," Jensen scoffed, eyes oddly intent.

Jared smiled, and clapped him on the shoulder as he led the way through to the living room.

"So, what are your plans for hiatus?" Jensen asked him.

"Sleeping," Jared said with feeling, slumping over so his head was resting on Jensen's shoulder to prove the point.

Jensen laughed at him, reaching up to ruffle his hair. "Why am I not surprised."

Jared elbowed him half-heartedly, but couldn't really be bothered to raise his head again. "Yeah, well. I feel like I've earned a summer off, you know? Might as well make the most of it. How about you?"

"Same here," Jensen admitted.

"Seriously?" Jared said with surprise. Jensen had always worked for at least part of hiatus each year.

Jensen laughed at his surprise. "Yeah, well. I could use a break. Might be nice to hang out here for a few months."

"Huh," Jared said. Even though he was surprised, he couldn't quite seem to keep his eyes open. "Cool."

"Are you actually falling asleep?" was the last thing he remembered hearing.

Hiatus was awesome.

Jared didn't spend the whole three months in Vancouver, of course. He went to L.A. for a few days and caught up with Sandy and some of his other friends. Sandy had a new guy in her life, and though she said it wasn't too serious yet, her eyes were sparkling again in that way he'd always loved. Jared would have been lying if he'd said he didn't feel a pang at that, but that was all it was. And he was happy to see her so happy.

He spent a couple of weeks back in Texas, visiting his family. It was great seeing everyone again, though he found himself calling Jensen every day, making him tell about every detail of his day and what he and the dogs had gotten up to in his absence.

"Honey, I'm home!" he yelled when he arrived back from his trip. He was surprised to realize just how happy he was to be home. The dogs rushed to meet him, and he grinned and let them give him a proper welcome home. "Jensen? You around?"

"Kitchen!" Jensen called.

Sure enough, when Jared wandered through to the kitchen, Jensen was sitting at the table, finishing a plate of pasta. He smiled when he saw Jared. "Hey, welcome back. Good flight?"

"Fine," Jared said, giving him a quick hug. "That smells good."

"You're in luck, I made enough for both of us," Jensen informed him.

"Awesome," Jared said happily, and set about reheating it. "So, did I miss anything important while I was gone?"

"Um," Jensen said. "Well, kind of." He hesitated and went on, "Danneel and I decided to call it quits."

Jared almost dropped his plate, but managed to set it down on the table just in time. "Holy shit. Oh my god, Jensen."

"It's okay," Jensen said, giving him a half-smile. "I'm okay."

"Dude. Jensen," Jared said again. "What happened? I thought you two were doing great."

"We were," Jensen said, and shrugged. "It just... it didn't happen overnight. There wasn't some big falling out or anything. We just realized that it wasn't what we wanted any more."

"I'm sorry," Jared said.

Jensen shook his head. "Don't be. We're both okay, really. And maybe now we'll find something... more." He gave Jared an enigmatic half-smile, and nodded at his plate. "Your pasta's getting cold again."

Jared had half-expected Jensen to be depressed once it really hit him, but it didn't seem to happen. Jensen was occasionally quieter than usual for the remainder of hiatus and as the fifth season started, but nothing major.

He called Danneel and was reassured to find that she seemed just as okay as Jensen did - a little sad at the relationship ending, but okay.

"I wasn't what he wanted any more," she said quietly. "And Jensen's amazing, you know that as well as I do, but... he wasn't really what I wanted any more, either. We're better off as friends. And I wish him all the best, really, Jared. I just want him to be happy."

Jared frowned a little. He had the feeling she was trying to say something to him without coming right out with it. "Yeah. I hope you're happy too, Danneel. I'm going to miss having you around here."

Danneel laughed a little. "Yeah. Look me up sometime when you're in L.A., okay? I don't want to lose touch with either of you."

Shooting the fifth and final season was stressful as hell. Knowing that this was the last time, no takebacks, no do-overs, made them all determined to get every scene and every episode as perfect as possible. Jared and Jensen were working more hours than ever before, and the entire crew with them. It was immensely satisfying, though, how smoothly everything was running these days. Everyone was like a huge family. The way everyone worked together, helped each other out... it was something special.

It was hard to believe that in less than nine months, it would all be over. For good.

Jared had a feeling he ought to be thinking about what would come after - start lining up projects, seeing if he could find any good movie roles being discussed. For some reason, though, all he could think about was the house.

It was kind of stupid. He'd only bought the damn place a couple of years back, and the whole point of it had been to have a decent place to stay for the rest of Supernatural. It wasn't like he'd ever planned on keeping the place on once the show ended.

And okay, it was a pretty nice house these days. Neither he nor Jensen were ever going to be the next Martha Stewart, but they'd gotten the place fixed up. His bed dipped in just the right place when he was lying on it. The table in the kitchen looked out over the back yard - they'd even managed to grow a couple of plants out there this year. The shelves with all the stupid snowglobes were still set up in the living room.

It was comfortable, that was all. Familiar. And the thought of having to sell the place at the end of April and wave goodbye to all of it... It just felt wrong.

"What?" Jensen asked him, and Jared realized he'd spent the past few minutes just staring at Jensen as he drink a glass of water next to the window.

"Nothing," he said hastily.

Jensen raised his eyebrows, and Jared hurriedly found something else for them to talk about.

He wasn't ready to talk about it with Jensen, not yet. Jensen hadn't given any sign that he'd been thinking about the house at all. Which Jared could understand - it wasn't even Christmas yet, the end of the series was still months away. There was no reason why Jensen should be thinking about it. There was no reason why Jared should be thinking about it.

He didn't think it would be too much of a problem, if he wanted to keep the house on and Jensen didn't. He'd bought it by himself originally. They could sort the mortgage out, surely. It would be really weird having the bottom floor empty when Jensen moved out, but he'd managed before, and surely he'd get used to it again.

"Jared, seriously," Jensen said, and Jared blinked, caught off-guard to find Jensen suddenly right in front of him, eyes narrow with concern.

"Sorry," Jared said, shaking himself. "I think I'm just tired."

Jensen put a hand on his shoulder, rubbing his thumb back and forth reassuringly. "You know if there's something wrong you can talk to me, right?"

"Yeah," Jared said at once, because he did. He just wasn't ready to talk about how stupid he felt about the house yet, not even to Jensen. Especially not to Jensen.

Jensen nodded, then let his hand fall. "Maybe you should get some sleep, then."

"Yeah," Jared said again, and managed a grin as he retreated to his bedroom.

Lying in bed and gazing up at the ceiling, he did his best to forget about the house and concentrate on the way Jensen had touched his shoulder instead. It was going to be okay, he told himself. Somehow, things would work out.

Christmas that year was weird.

Jared couldn't figure out what was wrong with him. He was home, with his family around him, and the house was as full of Christmas awesomeness as it had been every year in the past. But for some reason, Jared was feeling... itchy. Like something he couldn't pin down was wrong.

It wasn't until Christmas Eve that he realized that at least part of it was that he missed his house in Vancouver.

It was so weird: he'd never really missed his apartment in L.A. when he wasn't there. Texas was his home, he had his family around him: why on earth would he miss his house? But for some reason he did. He missed his own bed, all the dips molded just the way he liked them. He missed the view from the kitchen window and Jensen clapping him on the back as he grabbed them both beers.

He called Jensen, like he had done every day, and said, "I think I miss our house."

Jensen was silent for a second before he said, "I know what you mean."

"It's stupid," Jared said, almost annoyed at himself. "I hardly ever get to see my family these days. I ought to be enjoying every goddamn second. What does it say about me that I kind of wish I was back in Vancouver right now?"

Jensen huffed a soft laugh in his ear. "Hey, Jared?"

"I mean, there's got to be something wrong with me," Jared continued, still caught up in his confusion. "That -"

"Jared," Jensen said, firmly enough to finally shut Jared up. "Get your ass downstairs and let me in."

Jared blinked, and then blinked again, and then shot over to the window to stare down in shock at the street. Where Jensen was standing, cell pressed to his ear, looking right up at him.

"Holy shit," Jared said aloud, and then he was running down the stairs, laughing aloud as he burst out the front door and tugged Jensen into a hug. "Oh my god, I can't believe you're here!"

Jensen hugged him back, laughing a little himself. "Figured I'd drop by for a visit, wish you and your family a merry Christmas."

"Oh my god," Jared said again, and pulled Jensen into the house.

For some reason, after that he didn't find himself thinking longingly of the house in Vancouver as much; he simply settled down to really enjoy a family Christmas again.

"Jared," Jensen demanded, "what is your problem?"

"I don't know what you're talking about," Jared muttered, but he could hear the defensiveness in his own voice.

"Don't you even try that," Jensen said, exasperated. "You've been like this for months now. What's going on?"

Jared sighed. He supposed they were going to have to have this conversation sooner or later, though he'd been hoping for later. They'd been back in Vancouver for a week, following the Christmas hiatus, and though he was happy to be back, it hadn't helped. If anything, the realization of just how happy he was to be back was making him all the more aware that it would be coming to an end in just a few months.

"It's the house," he admitted finally.

"The house?" Jensen repeated. He came to sit down next to Jared on the couch, frowning a little. "What about the house?"

Jared rubbed at his forehead. "I've been thinking about what's going to happen to the house at the end of the season. It's been worrying me."

Jensen nodded slowly. "Oooh-kay. Talk to me."

"Well, everything's gonna change," Jared said helplessly. "It's all gonna come to an end, you know? And I like things how they are. I don't want to lose it all. I like being able to sit in the kitchen and watch you play with the dogs in the back yard, and sitting on our couch and watching tv, or kicking your ass at Madden, and cooking dinner in our kitchen. I like knowing if I get up for a glass of water in the night you'll probably come and join me. I like going out for a run and coming back before your lazy ass has gotten out of the shower. I like our shelf with the stupid snowglobes. I just -"

He was cut off by Jensen's mouth pressing against his.

Jared flailed for a moment in shock before Jensen pulled back, his eyes intent, and said, "I really hope this isn't where you tell me you really were only thinking about the house."

"Uh," Jared said intelligently. His mind seemed to have frozen up.

"Because I've been thinking the same kind of thing, these past few months," Jensen went on. "Only it isn't the house I'm worried about losing when the show ends."

Jared ran that through his mind again, and then replayed what he'd said, and felt a lot of things finally click into place. "Oh."

Jensen raised an eyebrow. Suddenly he was starting to look nervous. "Oh?"

"It's not the house," Jared said, and reached for him.