Monica
bySZENSEI©

MONICA 62: MOJO RISIN'

Monica blows the Doors off of the strip club. Meet Mojo!

Hardwick, Florida, home of the North Pole Men's Club, women's too. Small town life but big-time money maker. With nothing nearby for miles, the club often got away with murder, the county simply taking bribes to keep it open and lucrative. The owner Norberto Cortez kept a tight rein regardless, but even he was prone to a few bribes to let the party go beyond the stage. With Norberto off in Miami for four days on family business he left the establishment to its head Bartender and side lover Vega Perez and loyal bouncer Miguel Santos aka Mojo to keep the time period hopping. Tonight, it was going to hop like never before.

Thanks to a phone call from one of Norberto's favorite cousins, newly hired secretary Shelly Cortez who often played with Mojo just for fun, he was aware of their incoming status and more than happy to bend every rule. Mojo would do anything for Shelly. Although not related she was like a baby sister. Baby in size, Shelly and her sister Beatriz were 5'3 and 110 pounds each with bodies no man could look away from. Mojo on the other hand was a freak of nature at 7 foot even, 360 pounds of rock-hard muscle. Add to that fact his behemoth cock was eleven inches and very in demand. When he was in the mood. He was one of the gifted few to have such an enormous monster that was willing to obey his needs. At that size some often had difficulties keeping it aroused. Not Mojo! Mojo was hard fifty percent of his day and cashing in. While a bouncer he occasionally went up on stage to show off. A quiet man it was more of a pose than any real striptease. Woman cooed regardless. Just standing there yawning he usually made a couple grand.

Norberto to the right financial request would pimp out Mojo just to live the good life. Ferrari in the garage, Jaguar in Miami with him. Mojo got a cut and lived just as good. So, not just a bouncer he was a partner. Silent but deadly! He let others do the bouncing. Tonight, he was going to get a workout. With pleasure!

"This place is packed." Aaron Gift had to park out by a open field just to find a spot big enough for his Cherokee. "Too bad the handicap parking was full, or I'd had you gals tell the club managers we were parking there and not to tow me."

"Many of wealth get those Mister Gift." Shelly Cortez seated in back unbuckled her seatbelt to lean up against his seat. "You must pay extra for privilege. Our cousin has many connections."

"Many very beautiful women dance here." Beanie chimed in hovering behind Monica's seat. "You will fit right in Monica."

"You really want me to dance on stage daddy?" She was giddy in sitting sideways to face Aaron. "Will you two dance up there with me?"

"Si! We love to dance. Tips are very good. If not for our parents, we would dance here fulltime."

"Yeah, about your parents." Aaron shut off the engine and killed the stereo playing in favor of silence. There would be enough music in the club. "They obviously didn't know about your online sex shows. Your Uncle allowed it, so how could he keep it from them?"

"We treat our uncle very well." Beanie giggles. "He will never betray us for fear we will cut him off."

"So, if I were to buy those storage units and made him caretaker, he would keep anything we did there quiet?"

"If he is willing to sell." Shelly was worried Fernando might not, it was his sole income. "If you paid him well then perhaps. You have us to help with that. So, you would turn all 20 storage units into cam stages?"

"I would. I just need the backing of my clients in the club. They're... shall we say womanizers. They own a software company in Tampa but are always looking to increase their cash flow. So am I. If I turn that storage facility into our passion palace that's huge. Sure, it's not software but it does require a website. I'll need to look at the FCC regulations on that. I know I've watched gangbangs on Caturbait but I think every model in the scene has to be registered. We just need a way to avoid that clause so we can do whatever, whoever we want. There is also the police factor, we don't want this to get shut down over prostitution."

"Daddy! You want to be a pimp, don't you?" Monica giggled. "I never thought of selling myself before, I just like being random and going after guys I like. But again, I've had a few I didn't like but did it anyway. Ok I'm in."

"As are we." Shelly and Beanie agreed.

"There's Kyle's motorcycle." Monica noticed it under a pole light surrounded by cars. "Let's go I want to see what I'm getting into."

"Good idea!" Aaron opened his door, the girls following. Congregating together at the front grill he locked up with his remote and put his arms around the shoulders of Shelly and Beanie. "Keep up Punkin'!"

"Oh, I will!" Monica jumped up to cling to her father's back. He laughed under strain but let her tag along piggyback all the way to the front door. Customer's coming in behind them had the viewing pleasure of Monica's bare bottom, her white dress riding waist high thanks to her legs around her father's waist. She would get tipped just for that show once she was on her feet, making thirty bucks for nothing. "Maybe I should just ride around on you all night daddy. I'll make us rich." Sure, she could pay for his chiropractor visit.

At the front door bouncer, not Mojo at the moment, Aaron told him of his clients Mitch and Jared. That was all he needed, knowing the Cortez sisters. Still both sisters kissed the man on the lips and fondled his crotch in passing. Seeing this Monica grabbed his dick as well saying, "I'm with them." that was a no-brainer. "Have fun tonight." The bouncer Gar loved his job. "Find me later I'll give you a lap dance." Monica pinched the bouncer's crown.

Garth Rainier would indeed look up the bright-eyed beauty on his break. Heading through the interior door Shelly took point in the search for Mojo. Letting the sisters go Aaron sent them on a mission mentioned to Shelly back at the storage unit, one Monica was not in on as of yet. With the girls gone Aaron and Monica traveled through the body-to-body crowd. This place was past capacity. No way did six hundred people or more not exceed at least a 500-occupancy fire code capacity permit. Cousin Norberto was definitely breaking the law even in that.

"I see Mitch." Monica pointed at him up by the stage watching a stunning red head with lily white skin and some seriously silicone-based porn hooters. The pinkest nipples Aaron had ever seen helped her break bank. She couldn't have been more than 22 but she was definitely athletic, whipping around a pole by her legs upside down and licking her left nipple at the same time. "Can I go find Kyle and Hillary?"

"Yeah! Come find me in twenty minutes. Let me greet my future business partners. When you come back get all up on Jared and Mitch."

"I know I was supposed to be the main attraction up until the Cortez girls, but can they entertain Mitch and Jared? Kyle said his frat brothers are here and I know one of them, Dalton. I want to fuck him tonight."

"Twenty minutes. Don't fail me Punkin. This is too important."

"Okay daddy." Pouty face ended with a winning smile, "I love you and good luck."

"You too!" Letting Monica go he watched her slither through the body count of lustful customers. She had her ass grabbed four times before he lost sight of her. "My baby is all groped up." He chuckled. "Grown up too!"

Moving through the cluster and apologizing along the way Aaron reached Mitch at the stage where he was holding up a hundred-dollar bill to entice the ginger. Taunting him with her tongue she made Mitch wait while she somersaulted in her nudity, pausing while on her hands to do a mid-air split that showed off not just her cheerleading skillset but her pink pussy, zero pubic hair she was silky as well as milky. "Having a good time Mitch ole' man?"

"Hey you made it." Mitch shot a welcoming glance, "I freaking love this girl. Her name is Firebird. She kills it. This bill is going to get lost in her purse trust me."

"I can see that." She had cash slung everywhere on the circular stage. "Where's Jared?"

"Private dance with a chocolate hottie named Onyx. The girls here are insane. Speaking of... where's Monica?"

"Running around. Our neighbor's son Kyle is here with his frat boys, and she asked to hang a bit. Hey! Do you recall my new secretary, Shelly? You only saw her last Friday, that was her third day."

"The little Latina? Yeah, she was hot as fuck. Why?"

"I brought her and her sister Beanie with me. Their cousin Norberto owns this club."

"No way! Norb's cousin is that sweet little... " Before he could finish his sentence Shelly and the giant Mojo showed up to tower behind them. Aaron knew of their arrival as soon as Mitch looked up over his scalp. Shelly eased in front of Aaron and hugged his hip. Mitch lost interest in waiting on Firebird just that fast and handed Shelly the hundred-dollar bill. She unzipped her red booty shorts and let him tuck the money inside right over her clit before zipping back up. Kissing his cheek made him smile. "Gracias!" Aaron patted her bottom for her extra effort.

"Mister Gift? This is Mojo." She pointed behind him as Aaron who was 6'2 still had to look up at the man. "Mojo? My boss." A man of few words Mojo nodded but shook Aaron's hand. Mitch was immediately intimidated. At least Firebird assisted in getting his attention back by using her toe to tickle Mitch's ear. Mojo looking over them at the ginger realized Shelly had taken the girl's money, so he ushered Aaron aside and picked up Shelly and sat her on the stage. Palming her chest, he made her lay back then patted the girl's bikini area. Firebird who was aware of her loss smiled at Mojo and blew him a kiss before laying down on stage beside Shelly. Spider walking fingertips over Shelly's bare abdomen she pinched her zipper and drew it down until the girl's pussy came into full view. The hundred loitering there, Firebird licked her way from belly button jewelry to the greenback. Biting the hundred she stole it away and swiped it with her hand before kissing Shelly's clit and zipping her back up. This was what they got away with here.

Patting the edge of the stage Mojo made Firebird sit with her legs dangling over and smirking at him for further direction. Mojo then just as he had Shelly pressed his palm right between the redhead's tits and made her lay back. The crowd was going wild over the giant's control. Once back Mojo lifted her legs and made her hold her ankles wide. Mitch swallowed at being up close to her breathing pussy. Taking out his wallet he rolled up two-hundred-dollar bills and dared to place them right up inside the ginger's vulva. Beginning to pull away Mojo grabbed his hand and used his fingers to shove the bills deeper into the girl's cunt.

"Piggy bank!" Mojo grinned.

"Pigs in a blanket?" Mitch laughed and pressed his fingers knuckle deep into her. The redhead busted up laughing. Shelly looked at Aaron and unzipped her booty reds and did the same ankle feat expecting reward. Aaron nodded at her allure then took out a hundred of his own and installed it just as deep as Mitch had. The crowd howled at their getting away with that. To top it all off Mojo ushered both men aside and licked Firebird's clit for a resounding squeal. Sidestepping over he repeated his performance with Shelly. Standing up he grabbed both Mitch and Aaron and drew them in, side to side.

Pointing at the wet pussies before them the men chuckled, shrugged and they too licked their pussies. Backs arching the girls giggled until the men were done. For a full minute they got away with licking until Mojo grabbed the cuffs of their necks and guided the men away. Mojo again parting the suiters moved closer and raised both of his humongous hands. With a downward flash of speed, he slapped the two women's cunts and told Firebird to get busy. Clits stinging the girls pouted at him. He zipped Shelly up and sat her back down on her feet in front of Aaron.

"That was freaking amazing." Mitch laughed. "Set me up with Firebird after hours?" Mojo rubbed his fingers together as if saying if the money was right. Mitch gave him a nod and said, "Done!" A mental deal was set in motion. Firebird would not remove her money from her cunt until she got off stage. Shelly kept it in her savings acCoUNT praying she would not get a papercut up inside.

"So, Mojo? Has Shelly discussed what I asked her to run by you?"

"Si! She did! Where is this... Monica?"

"How much to do what I asked Shelly to..." Mojo paused him with a finger.

"You treat Shelly and Beatriz like your own, I will do this for free. It is time I performed again. I have gotten lazy."

"Somehow with those biceps I don't see anything lazy about you Big Fella." Aaron nodded, "I will adopt these girls if I have to." He winked at Shelly. "Uhh? Where's Beanie?"

"Talking to Vega up at the bar. We are thirsty."

"Drinks on the club." Mojo patted Aaron and Mitch on the shoulder then spoke to Shelly, "Take me to this Monica."

"Don't be gentle." Aaron laughed.

"As you wish Amigo."

Aaron had no idea what saying that would entail. Hooboy!

********

Monica was laughing her ass off at so many guys copping a feel of her as she searched for Kyle or her old frat friend Dalton the dogwalker. With there being ninety five percent men in the club she was in heaven's hands. Heaven due to their hands. Adding fuel to her fire she pulled her dress up to her belly button and walked shamelessly with her lower body free of obstructive cotton fiber material. If she had more time she would have just stood there and let then finger her, a number of hands did cross paths with her bikini area. This was the life. Just not of April Riley! Her friend's name. Pun intended.

Finding the lap dance arena which was shockingly one big room rather than any private booths with curtains she was blown away by over twenty gorgeous women gyrating totally nude over their clothed customers. Monica was ready to apply for a job, but her father insisted she graduate high school first. Hell, she could just sit up a chair downtown and do it right out in the open and make a grand a week for thirty minutes time. Pondering that idea she grinned, "I'm so trying that."

Spying a familiar face, she dropped her jaw. Getting a dance was her hometowns recently retired police Captain, Kermit Boggs. "Woohoo! Kermie!" She entered the lap area and came in behind Kermit in his cushy couch like chair and placed a finger of silence to her lips notifying his dancer a busty brunette with a sternum tattoo that looked like a tribal tarantula. It was sexy. The girl grinned at Monica and kept quiet as she hopped up and down over Kermit's rock-hard trouser tent.

With cooperation Monica leaned over Kermit and put her hands over his eyes. "Guess who?" Blinded from his enjoyment he recognized the voice, but it had been a while. "Kermie make me squirmy." She toyed with him as a hint.

"That you Monica?"

"Awww! You're too good. I just wanted to say hi before I got too busy, I'm here with my dad on business." Hands removed he looked up over his brow at her, head tilted back. "Look me up later, my dad might have some interesting questions for you. No worries he knows everything I've done. No names, but he knows and believe it or not he's cool with it all. Love your tattoo what is it?" Monica smiled at his dancer.

"It's a combination of things. The main body in the center is the symbol of Tao. The rest is the spider upon which the universe is woven. I'm a philosophy major. I call it a Taorantula." She laughed.

"Mali? This is Monica. Mali here is my granddaughter."

"OH MY GOD! You old pervert!"

"Hey if he pays for my college I don't mind. Hi Monica. You should work here."

"Maybe after high school. Barely legal." She laughed, "Isn't that right Grandpa?"

"She was my retirement gift from the guys on the force." Kermit laughed, "Yes, she did what you're doing but only... the real thing."

"Now I'm jealous." Mali playfully slapped him on the cheek. "You know I'd do you old man."

"Yeah, but for the sake of family let's not. Bad enough I'm nutting in my slacks beneath you." That made Mali crack up and lean forward and crush her 36C's into his face, motorboating him with her hands on the chair back. Monica hovering wagged her tongue toward Mali, a second later their tongues entangled. Monica was having so much fun. So were the guys surrounding her from behind. With Monica lurched forward kissing Mali one of the men stepped up and stuck his finger inside Monica's wet twat. No bouncers nearby he got away with that. Feeling it probe about she squealed and pulled away from Mali. Looking over her shoulder she yelped, "DALTON!!!" Mali was a thing of the past just that quickly as she turned around and jumped into the dogwalkers arms. "I've misssssed you."

Lifting her up with ease he planted his hands on her bare ass cheeks and laid one on her. Backing her up toward the cushy chair back Mali laughed at seeing the girls dress rolled up. Smothering Grandpa Boggs again, Mali reached out and did just as Dalton had in fingering Monica. Another squeal she paused her kiss and looked back with a sneer. "HEY! PAY ATTENTION TO GRAMPS! EARN YOUR TUITION BITCH." Everyone laughed including Kermit.

Kyle finding his buddies pulled Hillary Morgan along behind him and the group stepped back so as not to attract bouncers in this so-called private abode. Seeing Kyle, Monica grinned and told Hillary, "Lose your leather Wench." Kyle's friends agreed with that and tried to unzip her skirt, laughing hard Hillary hid behind Kyle until he caught her off guard and unzipped her. The skirt fell to her upper thighs before she could even catch it.

"OH MY GOD, KYLE!" He then used the toe of his shoe to drag it further down as his foot was within her thigh gap. To her ankles she couldn't even bitch for all of the drool slinging her direction.

"Live a little Hilly." Kyle chuckled. Risking it she stepped free of it and carried the skirt. Hands of frat boys were all up on her ass. "Better get used to things like this... guys we're going to make a porn with Hilly here." Popular in a single breath the guys pulled Hillary away to discuss the idea. Surrounded they pawed her up to her delight.

"You guys are crazy." Mali called out, "I love it." Kermit had his fill of distraction and pinched his granddaughter's ass to let him up. Pouting Mali crawled away, and he tipped her good. Waving at Monica in Dalton's charms the retiree told her, "I'll be here a few more hours. Find me and I'll say hey to your dad."

"Thanks, Kermie! I wuvs you." They blew kisses at one another. Mali opting to take a break vacated her chair to offer it to another stripper in wait. Moving around to join the group Mali stood next to Dalton and Monica. Finally putting Monica down, she introduced Mali. "Is it Mali Boggs like your grampa's last name?"

"Shush! Don't spread the last name around. Strippers need to go incognito. But yes, Mali Boggs." Dalton stood there admiring the girl's tattoo. It was a focal point. She quickly explained her reason for its design then told Monica that they should hang out sometime. "I want to kiss you some more." No problem! Monica patted Dalton on the chest then stripped her dress off entirely and tossed it at him. Fully nude she stammered in her stiletto heels, not perfectly balanced but managing well. Throwing herself at Mali they crushed their bodies together and kissed like no tomorrow. Nothing could last forever though.

"AHEM!"

Shelly Cortez stepped up and tapped Monica on the shoulder. Kiss broken Monica turned around pouting for being interrupted. Hearing everybody around her gasp she didn't immediately notice Mojo behind her. "What? Wait your turn, I'll kiss you later." Shelly grinned devilishly and pointed behind Monica. Turning she saw nothing but the biggest mountain she had ever seen. His hairy chest was so thick she mumbled, "Skunk Ape!" Florida's nickname for Bigfoot. The giant was totally nude and literally every guy there was wishing they were he. Eyes lowering to his trunk Monica jumped back at Shelly. "HOLY FUCK! Who let a python loose in here?" The laughter was tedious but hard to miss regardless, as Mojo simply glared at her. "Ummm? Hi!"

Within his hands were soft suede binding strings. Roughly he reached out for Monica and tied her hands together at the wrist, Shelly and Mali joining forces to hold her as they giggled. "IT'S NOT MY BIRTHDAY!" She presumed this was some special treatment for any girl customers. Once bound he turned her back to him and lifted her up by her arms over her head and his. Ducking his head through her tethered wrists he lowered her to dangle over him like a human necktie. "WHAT IS GOING ON HERE?" She yelped laughing at her predicament. His monster cock between her thigh gap Monica looked down at what appeared to look like she had a dick. "OH SHIT!" It stuck out a good six inches in front of her. Essentially sitting on it she whimpered.

In the lap dance area Aaron's other client Jared with his entertainment Onyx walked up chuckling, "Hey Monica. Looking good! Pussy want a cracker? Nice perch Mojo. I thought it was a parent trap, not a parrot trap."

"Jared! Help me!" She whispered at him, Onyx giggling and leaning on Jared's shoulder. "Oh, you're in for a loooong night. I've only seen this once before. I'll tell your dad you're going to be tied up for a while." He abandoned her just that fast.

Shelly showing Monica more suede bands razzed her and went after her left foot. Tying her ankle as Dalton volunteered to help her, they brought Monica's legs behind Mojo's backside until even her legs were helpless to move. "OH MY GOD! I'M A FANNY PACK!" Monica busted up. Held prisoner to Mojo, Shelly moved back to face Monica, her sister Beanie stepping up sipping a mixed drink through her straw.

"You never do this for me Mojo." Beatriz stomped her foot. "Why do you ignore me so?"

"You can take my spot." Monica whined, "I'm screwed, aren't I?"

"Si! Most wonderfully screwed." Beanie giggled, over it. Handing off her drink to Shelly, Beanie did the honors of lifting Mojo's six-inch diameter cock, lining it up to Monica's vulva. Crown eased between her labia Mojo leaned forward taking Monica with him. In his lurch his monster cock began its penetration, G-spot immediately crossed. Monica's expression was sheer awe as his girth ripped her pussy wide. Onlookers offered praise for her bravery as well as gasps over his behemoth shredding her inch by inch. A slow screw so to speak! No words until he had a good four inches inside her, Monica finally looked down at Shelly and Beanie kneeling under her. Both girls merged to kiss and suck on Mojo's ball sack to a vast applause. Quick flicks up his exposed shaft then over Monica's clit they stood up and bowed to their fans.

"I LOVE YOU GUYS! BESTIES FOREVER!"

"Si! Agreed!" Shelly smiled and offered Monica a sip of their drink. A fast swig Monica made a face. "You do not like tequila?"

"Not until after sunrise." She whimpered. "Oh fuck! Biggest cock I've ever had in me."

"You must take him all." Beanie patted her cheek. "We will be rooting for you."

Rearing upright Mojo reached around Monica and squeezed her breasts first, so firmly he left finger impressions. Her eyes went white the second his dick rose up deeper beneath her own weight on him. At six inches her cunt was weeping all around his girth, his massive balls as big as two fists held knuckle to knuckle. With a slap to each of her tits accompanied by a squeal of giggles out of Monica he parted the dread sea of human activity. Path made!

"Time to walk Bebita!" Mojo called her Baby Girl. With each step he took, her pussy accepted a hint more of his length. At eleven inches she was already mentally begging for mercy. NOT! Eyes returning to normal she saw Kyle looking at her in shock. She simply hissed, "Fuck you, Kyle." He couldn't hold it in any longer he died laughing.

Waving bye-bye to her Kyle went back to the darker region of the club where his friends were keeping Hillary company. He should have known better than to leave her with them. The group of eight frat brothers had her bent over and Terrell Noble a tall black man was hitting her cunt from behind, holding her shoulder with one hand and spanking her with the other. A cell well hidden from bouncers was recording it. She knew it and simply thought of adding it to her porn footage.

"Starting that porn already?" Kyle winced at Hillary. She moaned and reached for him to take her hand as moral support. Crouching down in front of Hillary he offered a warm smile. "Cheating on me already."

"You took my skirt off. You left me wide open." She slightly giggled then expressed how well Terrell was hitting her G-spot. "Fuck Kyle!"

"Want to be my girlfriend?"

"Really?" She brightened up. "Yes!"

"Good! I'm not mad. Matter of fact I want you to take on all of us. Not just tonight either. I want you in my dorm room jumping beds to keep us all happy. Porn video taken every single time. Sound like a plan?"

"Yessssssss! Make me your whore Kyle. Let me move in with you."

"It is a coed dorm. You up for a new roommate Swayze?" Swayze Bonner one of three roommates nodded. "Xander?" Another thumbs up. "Hedge?" A hell yes, Kyle puckered, "I think you're in Hilly Girl."

"FUCCCCCK MEEEEEEE!" She came hard on Terrell's nine-inch beast. With bouncer's circulating Terrell chickened out in nutting. Pulling her upright he made it look as if they were all just chatting, his crew cloaking their nudity from scrutiny. The second the bouncers moved on Terrell slid back inside and finished the job. Kyle stayed with her through six frat brother's and kissed her with praise. Hillary Morgan was in love just that fast. Quinones for the sin! WIN!

********

Before Mojo had imprisoned Monica... Aaron Gift and his client Mitch hit the bar for drinks. Numerous young barely legal girls creeped up on them to offer pleasure in some fashion, mostly private dances. But at the moment Aaron needed to discuss business with at least one of his hopeful partners. "So, how's Charlotte after last night? We didn't leave her too messy, did we? Jared and I only jerked off on her face then left you to Monica. Are we still good?"

"Of course, we are. Last night was a turning point. After you guys left, I carried the wife to bed. I had Monica and her at the same time."

"No shit! Ballsy Gift! Ballsy! So, Charlotte knows about you and Monica?"

"She does now. Surprisingly she's okay, she even made us breakfast in bed. I'm still here so I don't think she poisoned us. We had a long talk and she's willing to overlook it as long as I give her attention more than Monica. I love Char so I'll make that effort. Anyways, I want to discuss more than our possible merger with you. By all rights the merger should be top dog but feeling you and Jared out like I have I think you might like my new proposal."

"Oh yeah? Get rich quick scheme?"

"Sex does sell Buddy."

"Indeed, it does. I buy into these bitches as often as I'm in town. That ginger Firebird is new, so I want to take her to the hotel later. I was going to request Monica, but it's not required. She's your girl Gift. Jared and I adore her but hey... I'd rather we all stay friends."

"Caturbate!"

"Frequent it." He chuckled. "Where's this going Aaron?"

"Let's start our own site and figure out a way to fly under the radar. Anything goes kind of thing."

"Bestiality?" He winced.

"Well, maybe not that. Pretty much everything else though. I suppose animal costumes could be adopted. I think between your connections and mine we can rob Fort Knox."

"Intriguing!"

"Take a look around at all of these girls. Imagine them all with a room of their own on a six-hour loop with others. My secretaries do Caturbate... well they did out of their uncle's storage unit. They didn't follow the sites bylaws and got booted out. Those girls are willing to do anything. Add in my daughter, her school friends, maybe some of these perky beauties, we can do pretty well for ourselves."

"I'll talk that over with Jared. I know the perfect site coordinator too. Between us... she used to be a hacker. She makes websites that escape the FCC if you can believe that."

"Dark Web stuff?"

"Sure! She's good at her shit. Hot as fuck in a nerdy kind of way too. Pop bottle glasses but goth looking. She has more piercings than any girl I've ever met."

"Interesting! See? With the Cortez girls we can wrangle in her cousin Norberto here in some fashion. Their Uncle Fernando owns that storage unit. If I can get him to sell it we can fix the place up cheap and make it pods for the girls to play in."

"Sounds really good. So, sex with any of them?"

"Of course! I'm thinking gangbangs around the block reminiscent of the day Star Wars hit the theaters." He laughed as the bartender approached them. Mitch acknowledging her spoke up.

"Evening Vega." Aaron glanced at her and froze. She looked exactly like actress Eva Mendez in her early 30's, decked out in a black leather bustier and glossy spandex pants to match. Zipper from front to back just like Shelly and Beanie's booty shorts. Half down in the seat her butt crack was saying hello.

"Hey Mitch. What can I get you guys?"

"Your number." Aaron spoke up prematurely. "As long as Norberto is good with that."

"We shall see Mister Gift."

"You know my name?" He was taken back.

"Si! Beatriz pointed you out as her employer. She speaks very highly of you."

"Good to know. I love that kid."

"As do we all. You bring out the slut in her."

"That's just her I think."

"Ah! Too bad. I was rather hoping you might do the same for me." She winked. Before she could flirt any further a feminine voice chimed in behind them.

"Mitchell! I thought that was you."

Turning Mitch and Aaron greeted a stunning redhead with short hair and amazing green eyes. "Rita Foxx! Man, I haven't seen you since that gala down in Lauderdale. You move around, don't you?"

"Wherever the money is, my body is." She smirked.

"How's Keith and the kids?"

"Britney and Lance are ready to graduate here soon. You would not believe how much my daughter is growing to be like me. She wants to be an escort too. Lance? Who knows... slacker! Keith just hooked up with a new girlfriend, I'm kind of second fiddle now but we're working it out to all of our advantages." Hearing this Aaron realized the comparisons to his own life. Choosing to flirt with Vega further Aaron missed out. Rita was eying him as having money.

"That's good, isn't it? Britney is a looker like you I... " Mitch paused to see Mojo hauling Monica around moaning like a banshee riding his big cock. Patting Aaron on the arm he pointed out Monica bobbing up and down on Mojo's anaconda, her eyes white, saliva slipping down her chin. In Mojo's walk through the crowd numerous guys played with her tits or massaged her clit. A number of them even sucked a nipple or slapped her breasts as if to revive her. Aaron dropped his jaw. So did Rita!

"Oh my God! She looks just like Britney." Rita peaked a brow, "They could almost be sisters." A glance at Aaron, she concluded him to be the girl's father. It was then she realized that she knew him. "Oh crap! I fucked this guy back in high school just before I met Keith." Time to back away. A sudden panic that Keith might not actually be Britney and Lance's biological father she went back to her date for the night. Better not to know, she loved Keith, and her children. She could be wrong, but it was going to worry her for a few days. Mitch simply waved goodbye to Rita and let it be.

Aaron patted Vega's hand on the bar and told her two Bud lights then walked away to greet Mojo and Monica. Mojo halting in his tracks flexed his muscles just to be cute as Monica did her best to fuck herself on his beast, becoming insatiable and needing another orgasm. MUST HAVE ORGASM! Aaron had to snap his fingers at her and when that didn't get her attention, he lifted her head up by her hair and patted her cheek. "Hanging in there Punkin?"

"Hanging... HA!" She laughed accidently spitting as she spoke, "Hung... YES, HE IS! DADDY HELP ME! I've had like five orgasms in... how long have I been on you Skunk Ape? I'm good for a hundred." Mojo chuckled and told her fifteen minutes. Long past the twenty-minute curfew Aaron had given her, but again he had set this in motion so cutting her slack was the right thing to do. By now Monica had nine inches of Mojo inside her. She could literally feel him up against her uterus. Beanie did say she needed to take all of Mojo. Getting there!

"She's good for another hour Mojo." Patting his wallet to show the giant Aaron was willing to pay up, the giant grinned. Rubbing her silky abdomen Aaron could literally feel the bulge outline of Mojo's cock inside her. Realizing he might as well have been touching the guy's dick, he eased back. "How about a tour of the parking lot Mojo?" Shrugging Mojo headed for the exit, Monica squealing, "DAAAAAAAADDDDDYYYY!" Bouncers even held the door for royalty. Outdoors they went.

Aaron felt the crowd admiring him as if he owned Monica. Technically he did. It was his sperm that brought her into this world. The same sperm that fed her on occasion when he saw fit. If it weren't for the lust in the house some might have considered him brutal for what he was making her endure. Maybe he was a prick, but he also knew that his daughter even when whining was loving every second of her predicament.

"You must be Monica's dad." A voice stepped up beside him. "Captain Kermit Bogg's Summersby Police Department, retired." The introduction led by a handshake offer made Aaron hesitate a moment then wince. "Monica tells me you've heard stories about our lovely town's finest."

"So, it's true. My kid did fuck the boys in blue."

"She says you were interested in talking to me about something."

"Is she really under the protection of your boys?"

"Absolutely! I still have pull in town, bet on that. Your kid has gotten away with things any other person might do time for. Trust me when I say she would never ever see the inside of a jail cell unless it's to play in."

"Interesting thought we might just need to make that happen." Aaron chuckled as Mitch and Jared joined them. "Oh, these are my business partners. Well... potential partners I guess I shouldn't jump the gun."

"Captain Kermit Boggs." The men shied a bit hearing of any law enforcement affiliation, "Relax fellas! I'm retired but not dead. Fill me in Daddy Gift."

"I'll speak for myself at the moment. I'm interested in what you allow Monica to get away with and if that can be extended to a couple dozen more young ladies. Maybe more!"

"I'm listening." Kermit was curious even as his granddaughter Mali walked up and hugged him from the side. Glancing at her and seeing her sparkling eyes study the men he was talking to he sighed, "My granddaughter Mali."

"Hello! Am I intruding?" She teased her nipple with a mesmerizing gaze at Aaron.

"Not at all. This is Monica's dad."

"Mmm! She's such a good kisser. Did you teach her that?" She in turn reached her hand down to palm her grandfather's erection. "Just checking to see if that Viagra is still working."

"Haha! So, you want police protection there in Summersby for a whole bunch of young honeys?"

"Yep! I'm considering a startup porn site like Caturbate there in town. I'd like to know I won't be penalized for it. If I invest, I want a payday not jailtime or stiff fines."

"I can get the force to look the other way for some kickback. By kickback I mean... this." He squeezes his granddaughter's breast, she shocked by his sudden change of heart.

"So, they get pussy in return for overlooking our... my operation."

"Our operation." Jared stepped in. "Mitch filled me in, if this can be a secure site without anyone getting into trouble, I'm all in." Mitch concurred.

"You know those storage warehouses over on Zellers? I'm interested in buying those and turning them into pods for the girls to rent and perform in. FCC be damned I want to do things the other sites forbid."

"I might be interested in that." Mali smiled. "Can I play with Monica?"

"I'm pretty certain that will happen."

"You can trust me Gift. Your kid has a special place in my ticker. I might even volunteer to be security." Kermit chuckled. "You guys do your planning... I'll call the cop shop discreetly and let them in on the possibility. I won't let any of them get out of line either. Just like Monica... if for any reason there's a complaint the ladies will be arrested in the public eye but let go just that fast. It's just to keep the force looking as if they're doing their jobs. Don't even worry about the mayor. He just got into office and he's as crooked as they cum. Guthrie and I go way back."

"I appreciate your backup Cap."

"Kermit!"

"Aaron!"

"Lap dance?" He points at Mali. "She'll do it with your pants down."

"He won't let me take his down. Meanie!" She razzed him. Jared took her up on it but Mitch had his eye on Firebird. Mali seeing the ginger waved her over. A fast recall of Mitch licking her clit on stage she took him by his hand and led him to the Igloo area, the lap dance room. This left Aaron and Kermit at the bar. A swift kiss to Grampa's cheek Mali led Jared away.

"She's somethin'! My daughter's kid. This site you're building has promise. I can tell you here and now I can hook you up with all the guys you need to be of assist. Hell I know sixty percent of the older fellas in this joint right now. Mali knows the University guys; she goes to Florida State. Hell of a commute to work way down here but she stays with me in Summersby sometimes. School is about out so she'll be there more often to be closer to this place."

"Doesn't live with your daughter?"

"Ehhh! Long story! They don't get along. Mali has a bad habit of bedding down Beth's boyfriends and husbands. Every single one of them. Beth is kind of a mess in the head over it."

"Damn! That's tough."

"I stay out of it. Bad enough I let my granddaughter paw me up."

"Bed her down?"

"Trying like hell not to. Trust me I've considered it. I think after Monica, the whole barely legal thing is looking better all the time. Mali's 19!" He just realized something, "Where is Monica and that bouncer anyway?"

"I sent him outside with her. I felt evil tonight. I brought Monica to seduce my clients to get them to merge with my company. I really didn't need her, so I decided to see to it she had a good time."

"That was some show."

"Night's only getting started." Aaron toasted his beer at Kermit. "Hang around!"

A sudden slap of hands on the bar next to Aaron made him jump. Vega hopped up on the bar and threw her long legs over then dropped down to face Aaron. Grabbing him by his shirt she tore him away from Kermit.

"It is break time."

Against his will the bombshell Latina took him to the lap lounge. Kermit chuckled and grabbed a fresh beer from the secondary bartender then took a stroll around the club to check out various dancers. Toward the back he saw a gathering of young men obviously hiding something. The closer he got he heard shrill squeals and slaps on skin. No bouncers around he chose to make sure the dancer wasn't being harmed.

Managing to sneak up on their divided attention he took a look over their shoulders to see Hillary Morgan now completely nude and bent over getting it up the ass while giving two hand jobs at her sides. Kyle Quinones looked up from praising her in his crouch, fingers in her mouth to keep her focused on him and saw Kermit. Eyes wide he started to stop everything until Kermit stepped in and whipped his dick out. Guiding Kyle aside he put it in Hillary's mouth. Pointing at her he said, "Your mother does not hear about this." A nod she sucked him off like a pro. The frat boys sighed with relief.

"So, he knows Greta." Kyle suddenly recognized the Chief. "Small world!"

********

Outside the club Mojo had paced the parking lot letting new arrivals toy with Monica's tits and massage her clit. The added activity made her crazy, thriving on his cock inside her only fueled her own appetite, her hips gyrated what they could in her bound dilemma. He was all in now and she was coping like a champ. Chuckling at her enthusiasm Mojo made a snap decision. Taking off like a light in only his shoes, she in her stilettos he hit the road going out toward the busy highway.

"WHERE ARE YOU GOING? OH MY GOD!" The run alone was the best sex she had ever had. Bumpy ride! Best shock absorber EVER! Street illegal! North Pole meets South Hole!

MISTER MOJO RISIN'! RISIN'! RISIN'!

MISS MONICA FALLIN'! FALLIN'! FALLIN'!

RISIN'! FALLIN'!

You get the Gift... GIST!

