Joanne Morris

I walked upstairs to David's room and gave a little knock before walking in and handing him the glass of milk and some toast. I didn't usually take him breakfast in bed but he had been a bit quiet for the last couple of days and now Mum was away for the weekend I thought I could do some detective work and find out what was bothering him. He smiled and said thanks and I sat on the side of the bed. I asked him what he was doing today and he shrugged that he didn't feel like going out so he would probably just stay home and sit glued to his x-box all day.

I tried to fish for the reason he had seemed a little down lately but didn't get much of a response from him. To be honest it was out of character for me and I suppose who could blame him for being suspicious that his big sister who normally doesn't give him the time of day is acting so nice to him. I guess I might have been hoping to get some brownie points from Mum when she got back by finding out what was bothering him. Anyway I learned nothing so left him alone and went to try and occupy myself doing some cleaning and so on to keep myself in the good books. 

Since I had moved back home from university for the summer Mum said I didn't help enough around the house. To be honest I was quite bored and missed my friends and had no money to go out much. After spending an hour or two finding things to do I made a coffee and deciding to go and see what David was doing. He had managed to move from his bed to his chair in front of the TV and was as usual engrossed in a video game. He barely acknowledged me other than to ask me get him a can of coke. I went and got him one and then asked him if he was ok and that I was not Mum and he could tell me if he was in any kind of trouble or anything.

He seemed to ignore me for a moment then muttered that he had sort of said something at school to his best friend Jimmy and it was a lie and now Jimmy was going tell everyone. I had never really liked Jimmy much anyway, he always had a leering grin on his face and the type who always seemed like he was trying to look up my skirt or something. Now he was getting older, not that fourteen is old, I had overheard some crude comments he had made about me. The one thing I did remember him saying was telling David how he would love to be over when I was having a shower as he would think it would be cool to walk in accidentally and see me. We don't have a lock on our bathroom door and when I was younger David had done that to me more than once. 

I tried to get out what this lie was and boys his age always exaggerated things all the time and surely it was no big deal. He kept playing his game and said how it was just something silly and now it had got out of hand. Jimmy now didn't believe him and and told him to prove it, which of course he couldn't do. I told him to just tell me what it is and I would maybe know a way of him to get out of it. He shook his head saying it was so stupid I would laugh at him. I thought of something
it may be and giggled;

“Oh David.....you haven't got an imaginary girlfriend have you”. I tried to keep my face straight as he looked angrily at me.

He snapped that it was worse than that and if I must know it was all my fault anyway. I listened as he told me that it all started because when ever Jimmy was around I seemed to be in a bad bad mood and take it out of him. Always acting rude and bitchy with him, trying to act cleaver and make him look little. I knew that there was an element of truth in that but couldn't work out what he must have made up to say to Jimmy. Then he said how it all started when I came home for the weekend a few weeks ago and told him about the hypnotist I had seen at the student Uni bar. 

I had told him how funny it was and the hypnotist had got a couple of my friends up on the stage and made then do silly things. It was a good night out and after my friends had admitted that they did not really known how he had done it but they didn't really remember what they had done. I was looking blank at David still not figuring out how all this was connected. When he told me that he had told Jimmy I had said it was me who was hypnotised and I had let it slip what the trigger phrase was. So now when Mum was out David was using the trigger to get me to do what ever he wanted and basically have me as his kind of “servant”. Jimmy had thought it was hilarious of course but now wanted proof and if he didn't he would tell everyone at school how David was lying. 

At first I was angry and had no sympathy for my little brother but I could see he was genuinely upset about the whole situation. I just told him he would have to just come clean to Jimmy and it was hardly the end of the world. Then I could feel my heart race when David suggested there was another way. He could invite Jimmy over and have me pretend to be hypnotised for an hour or so then David could show it was true but then just say that the trigger word wears out over time then it would all be forgot about. I could feel butterflies in my tummy at the thought of it and despite my better judgement found myself considering it.

“Oh please JoJo....my bestest ever sister........come on.....you never do anything for me” he pleaded.

“You know I hate being called JoJo.....if you promise to call me Joanne, like everyone else I might think about” I replied.

Why on earth I was even considering this was beyond me but I thought it was at least something to do to relieve the boredom. We had quite a surreal conversation of what I would be expected to do then and David explained that they would play on the x-box mainly anyway and I would just be very polite to them. Maybe get them drinks and snacks and just generally act like I did what ever David told me to do. I had a little shiver inside at the words and thought it actually might be a bit of a laugh. 

I could see he looked delighted and wasted no time getting Jimmy to come over for the afternoon. I don't know what had come over with me but I went up to my room to get myself ready to be the “entertainment”. I knew Jimmy could never seem to take his eyes off my legs so decided to wear a short denim skirt. I put on a pick and black bra on to make the most of my 34b and a little low cut cream coloured top. I had some matching pink and black knickers as well and decided to even put some black high heel shoes on. I flicked my hair in the mirror and put some make-up on and thought I was going a bit far but what the hell. 

David's eyes were on stalks as he saw me and shook his head. “Blimey Joanne, I told Jimmy you acted like a maid. You didn't have to dress up like that”. 

I gave a little smile and shrug of my shoulder and went into the kitchen and had a glass of wine to calm my nerves. A sudden knock on the door brought me to my senses and I almost made a dash to my room and call it all off but I stayed where I was. I could hear them both talking and giggling then they walked in to the kitchen to see me. Jimmy looked wide eyed and as usual seemed to have the leer on his face. David nudged Jimmy and said they should both go and sit in the lounge and see if the football was on the TV yet. 

I waited and even had another glass of wine as I could hear them talking when David shouted that he wanted a word with me. I walked in and decided to sound like my usual surly and rude self and stood in the doorway with my hands on my hips.

“Do you mind speaking to me with a little more respect....I am not one of your silly little school friends you know” I pouted at him.

He looked a little shocked but then cleared his throat and asked if I could just have a look in his eye as he thought he might have got something in it. I tutted under my breath and walked over and then leaned over as he held one eye open for me to look. I was right in front of his face when he gave an exaggerated wink then whispered loud enough for his friend to hear, “Yellow Elephant”. I knew that this was supposed to be the trigger phrase and stood up slowly. I tried to keep a straight face and glanced down to see them look at each other as David told me to go and get them both a can of coke. 

I replied politely “Yes of course David” and went to get them one. I could hear a little muttering and when I returned was told to place them on the low wooden coffee table in front of the settee. I stood almost to attention waiting for my next command. I could feel my eyes open slightly wider as David told me that he thought that they ought to have a little vodka in their coke and for me to go and get them the bottle and two glasses. I tried to shoot him a disapproving glance but none the less went and did as he said. I poured a little vodka and then the coke and gave each of the boys it. They sat like cats who had got the cream sipping it and then David told me Jimmy's shoes needed cleaning and to hurry to it and bring them back when they were shining.

I went and got his shoes out of the hall and thought how amused they must be to have me act like this in front of them. Five minutes later I took them to show how clean they were. David looked pleased but Jimmy less so. I could see David look a little concerned when his friend said it was all pretty tame and not sure if he believed I was really hypnotised anyway. I could feel myself getting worried as he went on to say how he should make me do something I obviously would never do normally. David kept looking at me and I could see the cogs working overtime in his head.

“Alright then Jimmy, watch this......JoJo you look hot, why don't you take your skirt off”. I could see he was struggling to try and keep his voice normal. 

I could feel myself blush and quickly wondered if I could keep up this bizarre charade but know I had to either do it right away or it would prove it was all a hoax. Nervously I reached down to the waistband of my skirt and unfastened the two buttons on my hip. I had a quick glance up to see the two boys staring intently as I slid the zip down. I just tried to convince myself that I was only going to show my knickers and it was hardly any different from wearing a bikini. I pushed my skirt down and gave a little wriggle and felt it slide down my legs to the floor by my feet. I resisted the temptation to put my hands over the front of my knickers and just stood there arms by my side.


Out of three of us I was not sure who was more surprised by what I had just done. David seemed to grow in confidence now and told me pick my skirt up and put it neatly away as I had no need for it anymore. Jimmy laughed as I bent over and hurried to take my skirt back to my room and as I returned he told David to get me to put my hands on my head as he wanted to ask me a question. I could see my little brother was not sure about this but none the less did what his friend had asked and soon I was standing hands on top of my head feeling so embarrassed in front of them both. He made me wait for what seemed like forever before he stood up and actually walked around me.

“Ok then Joanne..... how do you normally keep your pubic hair....I mean do you have a bush or are you shaved bald down there” he smiled and nodded his head downwards between my legs. 

I was in a blind panic and surely David didn't expect me to answer such a personal question. I looked from one of them to the other and remained silent and thought the whole farce was about to come to an end. Jimmy laughed and said he knew it was all a joke and at least he got to see my knickers so he was happy anyway but he would still tell the whole school that David had lied about it. I was just about to open my mouth and try and keep the pretence going when David spoke.

“I think it only works with my voice Jimmy.......you know no one else has seen her while she is in this hypnotised state” he said almost convincing me.

He then went on to say that I was his sister after all and maybe this had gone far enough and surely having me stand like this was proof enough. I was grateful he was trying to protect my dignity and modesty and tried to give him a little smile of thanks. Jimmy however was not as obliging and said he would only believe it if I answered the question truthfully and then he hesitated and I could prove it. I felt numb and realised I had no choice unless I wanted to make myself look a fool by pretending I was hypnotised. I could see Jimmy turn his back on me to take another sip of his vodka and coke and took my chance to nod at David and silently mouthed the words it was ok and for him to carry on. David of course looked totally bewildered that I wanted to continue this.

“Oh alright then Jimmy....she knows to stay still why don't you just have a quick look to see if she has a bush then” he seemed almost bored with this by now.

Jimmy looked delighted and stood in front of me then reached out with one hand and took hold of the top of my knickers. I could feel myself wanting to almost hyperventilate as slowly he pulled my knickers out and peered down. He looked right up at my eyes and god knows how I managed to stay still and let him do this to me. He had a triumphant smirk all over his face and spitefully let go of my knickers making then snap back against my skin sharply. I let out a little gasp making him laugh then without warning he put both hands at my hips and dragged my knickers down to my knees in one movement. 

It was like being hit with a sledge hammer and my legs felt like jelly but my hands stayed glued to the top of my head. He stepped back to get a proper view and for some insane reason I shuffled my feet along the carpet to keep my knickers from sliding any further down my legs. They were both gazing between my legs at my neatly shaped Brazilian style pubic hair or what some people call a “Landing strip”. The atmosphere was electric and I was mesmerized and half of me wondered if I was indeed hypnotised as it would at least explain why I was going along with this. 

“Oh God David....take at a look at your mouthy bitch of a sister now....isn't this hilarious” laughed Jimmy

He was taking control now and I could sense my little brother had not intended anything like this to happen. I on the other hand couldn't move, I couldn't speak or anything I was like some obscene manakin showing myself off like this. Then as if it couldn't get any worse Jimmy walked back over and tugged at my pubic hair. He look quizzically at me then at David then exclaimed he had a cool idea to really test if I was absolutely hypnotised. I wanted to scream and just run and never see his gloating face ever again.

“We ought to get the stupid bitch to shave all this hair off...that would really give her something to think about”, he was laughing so much he could hardly speak

David tried to say that even if I did as he said how would we explain it when I was out of the hypnosis. Jimmy laughed even more and said that was why it was so funny because I was hardly likely to ask my little brother if he knew where my nice grown up bush had gone and now I looked like a silly ten year old between my legs. Even David did laugh at that and agreed Jimmy was right it was quite amusing even though he knew I would be only too well aware of what had actually happened. 

“Go on then.....tell her to shave her little beaver for us then...oh and why don't you tell her she has been a naughty girl showing herself like this and needs her bottom smacked as well” he was laughing so much he almost wet himself and ran to the bathroom. 

David looked so embarrassed and quickly apologised to me saying he had no idea that anything like this would happen. I was still standing with my hands on my head and my knickers around my knees and looked at him without saying anything. He looked confused “JoJo....err Joanne.....are you ok”. Before he could say anything else Jimmy came back in the room and slapped my bare bottom hard making me yelp out loud. David looked shocked and shook his head;


Right JoJo....... get yourself up to the bathroom and shave every last hair off that pussy of yours while we find something to blister the skin on your bare arse” he said with such command I had no intention of refusing. 

I walked like a zombie up to the bathroom and couldn't process the words I heard behind me;

“See David I told you it would work....but my god I didn't know she would take this pretence as far as this”. Said Jimmy in disbelief 

Did any of the three of us knew what was real by now!