Nude Week
by takeshindo

Nude Week Ch. 02

Streaking at night comes to a close…

Hey guys, it's Emma again. Thanks for reading the first entry of this story. I know the last chapter was rough around the edges, but that doesn't mean this chapter won't be any better. So, without further ado, let's get into it.

We last left off when I'd strip completely nude, and made my way into the nature preserve. It was the middle of the night. And I mean dead of night midnight. Not 4:17 am, going forward. I was horny as hell, and was excited to start off the week like this. If I started it like this, I should end it even better than when I started it.

The total distance from my house and the nature preserve itself is almost a mile, or a little over a kilometer for those of who us that don't live in the States.

*****

I walked down the short dirt road and took a moment to take in the view of the place. During the day, it was a nature preserve open to the public. By night, it appeared to be an empty resting area you'd find far enough into a road trip through the Northwest. Regardless of how it looked, I was still excited for tonight. It was horniness that arouses you beyond belief.

There was a small resting area that led into the place itself that was covered by a beaten down, damp wooden roof. There was a thick, concrete bench, a trash bin that sat next to it and most importantly: a map of the nature preserve across from the bench and bin.

This place brought back a fond, nostalgic feeling. When I took a look around, I imagined this place in all its glory during the day. The crisp and evenly wet texture, from the trees to the dirt brown ground. The hunter green high rise trees and the thickly-covered yet transparent, hollow bushes that held its leaves sporadically in every inch of its surroundings. The last time I was here was for cross-country practice after school. Doing runs here sucked ass at times, but it was never not fun with the people. When the run got tough, the runners got tougher.

And then I remember: I'm butt naked. Which sends my dreamlike pondering crashing into the ground. The fires of my sexual arousal spread like wildfire. I walked up to the resting place, setting down my black T-shirt atop the bench upon arrival. I forgot to mention this earlier, but I did come here with a flashlight. No way in hell was I gonna be walking around in the dead of night, blind as a bat.

With the click of a button, light spilled out of the flashlight with the wide range of an aged, yellow coloring. It was one foot in front of the other through this arousing adventure in the dark. My mind kept flickering between vague scenes of sex in the woods. My body used to a heart's content in this city of nature. I'd deserve it to be honest.

The first stop I made about a mile in the journey was this small area of shaved greenery that was occupied by two monkey bars of heights not too far apart from each other, and a tortilla brown bench.

I put down my flashlight in the direction of the two pull up bars. My arms reached for the shorter one as I tried to pull myself up on it a few times.

"Grrrh-" I grunted in discomfort. I may have been a runner, but I was most certainly notthat fit. I gave up not long after and let myself some back in the ground. I picked ip my flashlight, and continued walking deep into the woods.

I grew more used to my appearance without any clothing whatsoever. It was fun being so free without a care in the world about how I looked. Although it was intimidating walking all alone by myself at night, that was what made the thrill more fun yet safe at the same time. I didn't have to worry about running into anyone either way. The only sound present was the crunch of leaves below my feet and my growing lust. The second stop was a river that touched a part of the nature preserve.

A lantern hung on a tall wooden post illuminating the surrounding area of this fairly open shore. The ground was still damp and muddy just like the rest of the floor I'd walked through, with the exception of some softer, sandy terrain. This was going to be the main show. I took off my Crocs and plopped myself on the bench. I caressed my breasts and spread my legs open. This was it. A great way to start of the week. The fun was truly about to begin.

I learned back and straightened my legs in front of me on their heels towards the ground. I rubbed my stomach before sliding my right hand's middle and ring finger down to my clit. I flicked it back and forth. Readying my pussy to be ravaged by my two fingers. Some few minutes passed, and I finally couldn't handle it anymore. I didn't wanna think about what was around. I didn't care that someone unexpectedly could walk into here and possibly take advantage of my body to satisfy themselves. All I cared about now was to satisfy my lust, here and now.

I plunged my two fingers into me, and I immediately sighed in satisfaction. I went in out and, back and forth for a while.

Holy fuck. I'm naked, naked, naked.

I'm naked in a nature preserve and I have nothing on me. I should be proud of myself for pulling off such a ballsy move like this.

Time was stood still then and for as long as I was pleasuring myself. Now the only sounds I heard were the soft flow of the river before me and the wet quality of my masturbation.

Oh man... Ah fuckk~ I'm... gonna-

A feeling of warmth spread through my entire body as a I reached a moment of ecstasy. I looked up with my eyes closed and loaned to accompany the euphoria I'd reached. My legs were also spread wide open for the dark to see. This was it. The fun had come and go. I soon settled back into reality with that post-but clarity.

"Shit. Well... that sure was something" I whispered under my breath.

I walked back to my Crocs, put them on, and challenged myself to jog the rest of the way back. I desperately wanted to get back to being partially clothing. The freeing nature of my nudity now registered has rather silly, to say the least.

