Guess who Enf.
by Revengedpirate

It was just another day at school for Verity. She got up and dressed. She grabbed her bag and headed to school. She always walked to school as it wasn’t that far.

She walked in through the gate and up the front steps. She turned left walked down the first corridor before turning right, and down a second corridor.

At the end of that corridor it was a left turn then an immediate left into her form room. She walked into her form room and sat down at her desk. Verity was glad it was Friday in a few short hours it’d be the weekend.

Michelle, a bright skinny girl, walked over to Verity.

“Hello Verity, how are you today?” Asked Michelle.

“I’m good thanks, you Michelle?” Asked Verity.

“I’m good, did you hear, that Tommy, won a scholarship to Ryder University?” Asked Michelle.

“Yes I did. In art or something wasn’t it?” Asked Verity.

“Yes something like that, I was wondering if you could do me a favour?” Asked Michelle.

“Like what?” Asked Verity.

“It’s nothing big really, after form has finished, could you meet me in the girls toilets, oh and could you look after this for me until then?” Asked Michelle.

Michelle passed Verity a lighter.

“Uh sure no problem.” Said Verity.

“It’s just the teachers search me constantly. They have some crazy notion that I smoke.” Said Michelle rolling her eyes.

“I’m sure it’ll be fine.” Said Verity.

“Good I’ll see you in there.” Said Michelle.

“Yes you will.” Said Verity.

Just then the teacher came in the room and Michelle sidled back to her desk smiling.

After ten minutes the bell went to signal the end of form time. Verity got up and walked to the girls bathroom. Verity looked around and walked inside.

“Did you bring it?” Asked Michelle.

“Yeah of course it’s in my pocket.” Said Verity.

“Good.” Said Michelle.

She took the lighter from Verity and lit up a fag.

“Why did you want to see me, surely not just to hide your lighter.” Said Verity.

“Of course not, I actually need an even bigger favour, but I’m not sure you’ll do it.” Said Michelle.

“If you don’t ask you don’t get!!” Said Verity.

“Too true.” Said Michelle.

“So what is it you want?” Asked Verity.

“Well next lesson is P.E. I need you to borrow Hannah’s, skirt. Once you have Hannah’s skirt, I want you to bring it here to me.” Said Michelle.

“You want me to bring you Hannah’s skirt?” Said Verity.

“Yes. I want to see how loyal to me you are. You can take it before P.E. Or after I don’t care but I do need it. Once you have it place it here in this system. Got it?” Asked Michelle.

Verity nodded.

“Good now go to P.E like a good girl.” Said Michelle.

Verity left the bathroom and headed for P.E.

Verity walked into the changing room quickly changed and headed into the Gymnasium with the other girls. No one had noticed that Verity had been missing.
