Kara's - very hot pay site!
AdultFriendFinder - largest ADULT personals - 2,000,000+ members!
ALT.com - largest BDSM personals!
OutPersonals.com - largest Gay personals!
Nightmail.com - free web-based email!
SlutPost.com - free adult picture post!
 


SIMI fucks for me 
SIMI fucks for me 
By Jeevan <jeevan80@rediffmail.com> 

HEY FRIENDS I am writing this for the pleasure of all the cocks and cunts so jack off or finger the pussies while you read this account. 
I took Simi for a ride in Mumbai city. She was wearing tight jeans ( cut off jeans ), shwing her sexy thighs to all and tight thin T-shirt, without a bra showing her nipples poking out. She has small tits 32 but they are firm. We went to Bandra and were roaming around. I could see all male eyes penetrating her, and looking at her body with lust. I love simi and love to show off her body too. Then we went to a beer bar and sat down drinking beer. I observed a group of boys next to us drinking beer and had an idea. I told Simi to unbutton her upper two buttons of the t-shirt and show some flesh to them. She did not agree to this. I was annoyed and called her Whore and poured some beer in the opening of the t-shirt. She jumped and protested,  Ohh Jeevan! Please dont do this to me here. I will obey you. Please!. I told her to go below the table on pretex of colecting her fallen hanky and to lick my feet. She went below the table, dropping her hanky and licked my feet for just a minute. Whie she was doing this, I kicked her jaw and she cried in pain and got up. The boys heard this and looked at us. I smiled at them in return and called one of the boys. He came at our table and sat down. His name was Tony and he was 22 yr old. I introduced Simi to him and told him that she was available if any of them is interested. He was stunned and looked at me in disbelief. I told him that I was serious and we were willing to come with them any place they want. 
He got up and went to his friends. They discussed this and then Tony came to me and asked me how much they had to pay for Simi. I told him, friend ! if you are all going to enjoy her, you have to pay Rs. 1000/- per head and she will do anything you like. But you must allow me to watch and even participate in this. 
OK sir, I agree. Here take this 5000/- rupees. We five would be taking you to my place, so lets start. 
Yes by all means. But collect some booze, 2 bottles of Rum and whatever you like OK? 
So we started to his house. Simi was delighted and thanked me for arranging this. We went to tonys house at 700 Pm and sat in the hall. Tony introduced his friends to us. but I wont go into their names but call them as no 1,2 etc. We startd to drink the booze and Simi too took rum along with me. I told them that sisi was my whore, slut and will do anything I tell her. They were surprised and wanted to see, so I told simi to stand up. come on SLUT show them how much you love your master. 
Ohh Master! I love you! What should I do for you Master? 
 Come on Slut! Lick my boots! But first undress for the guys. They are paying you for this. Come on. Take off that shirt first and show them your dirty tits. 
Simi started to unbutton her shirt and slowly removed all buttons, shaking the tiny firm boobs for us. the boobs were not sagging but moved as solid mass. She came ot me and with her t-shirt, cleaned my boots and licked the soiled shirt. The boys were stunned and clapped for this. Then she held her boobs with her hands and kneaded them. She was really excited by all this and I could sense this by her excited , dreamy eyes. 
come on Slut! Rub the boobs on everybodys face and give them the silky feel of it. RUB! 
Simi went to each boy and rubbed her boobs on their surprised faces. They fondeled them, rubbed her nipples and even pressed them lick a horn. I called Tony and told him to pull her nipples hard. He did it and Simi cried in pain. I got up and slapped her for crying out. Them I told tony to bring a small nylon rope so that the slut will behave properly. I took th rope and went to Simi. She was trembling with fear and said, Master! I am sorry. I wont cry or protest again . please dont punish me. Oh Master ! please. 
you Slut! You deserve this. I am going to tie your boobs for this so that they will give you pain all the time SLUT. 
I told Tony to holdher booob and put a big Knot around the fleshy boob, so that her boob was tied at the base. I pulled the knot tight so that her boobs would be cut off blood supply for somr time. Thus I did this for both the boobs. Her boobs looked real nice with the knot making the flesh come out ito the boobs and they stood straight high, with the hard nipples topping. 
Then I went to couch and told each one to go to the slut and slap the hard boobs. Tony went first and with the flat of his hand, hit the right boob hard on its side. Simi did not protest but said she loved it. Then he did the same for her left boob. And then both at the same time. I could see her white boobs turn red with the hiting and she was moaning! The Slut was enjoying this! Each of the boys did this and Simi,s boobs were almost purple due to this assault and cut off of bloos supply. I went last and licked each boob slowly and tenderly and Simi almost came !  Ohh Master lick your slaves boobs ! make them happy ! Ohh god! Please suck the nipples for your slave master! OHH gODDDD! I am coming! Please allow me to come! My cunt is all wet for you master ! OHH Master I am cominggggggg! And Simi came! Shaking her taut ass as I sucked her nipples. I let her come and then untied the ropes holding her boobs. Suddeny the blood rushed in them and we could see prominent veins running all over the tender surface of her boobs. 
The boys were hard, and so I asked them to remove their clothes and be comfortable to receive their moneys worth. Now I could see five hard cocks freed for release. The sizes were different from 5 inch to 9 inch and varied thickness too some 2 inch to 3.5 inch thick. Simi looked at those cocks and licked her lips in anticipation. I thought of giving all these cocks to my Slave and my own cock jutted out, rock hard. But I had other ideas too.. 
I asked Tony to hang a rope through the Fan hook in such a way that I could pull it up and down as I wished. He asked why? I told him that I wanted them to get their lifetime fucking they will remember. I then asked my slut to remove the pants and stand naked before me. She was shaking with lust and fear too as she could not understand what I had in mind. I tied her hands above her head and then secured the rope in such a way that she was standing with her hands tied above her head. 
She looked helpless. The poor Slut. I called one boy and asked him to push his cock in her cunt in standing position. He went to her and caught her boobs for support and bending down he thrust his cock right into the sluts dirty cunt. Ohh! Was she wet! The entry of cock forced away her cunt juice with big noise and it sprayed on his thighs. He started to fuck my slut like there was no tommorrow. SIMI was moving her ass in rhythem to his fucking and looked at me, smiling to me and winking at me. She said, Oh master! I want more cock! please give one more cock in my ass. Oh Master I beg for it! Please. OK slut take it. I motioned another boy to fuck her ass.he almost ran to her back and kneeling behind her spread her ass cheeks exposing the puckered ass hole of my slut. I told him to spit on his cock and the ass hole too. He spit there and made it slick with his saliva so that the slut caould take his cock easily in her back door. He leaned back and pushed his cock in her asss hole hurriedly as if she was vanishing in moments. Simi cried in pleasure ans tried to accommodate the big cock in her ass. The cock fucking her cunt stopped and then the two boys adjusted the rhythem so that they could fuck the two holes simultaneously. 
They fucked her inearnest and I helped them by adjusting the rope, so that my slut hung right in the position. Both the boys were holding on to simi and fucking the hell out of the two holes. Simi was moaning in lust and in the threos of her orgasm.  Ohhh What a fucking! OHH master fuck my holes! See your dirty slut whore fucking two strangers> oHH GOD ! ooh Master I ammm cccoommiingggg! Ohhh Aiiiihhhhhh ! and SIMI came and then exhausted hung to the rope, her body loose with the climax. The boys caught her and fucked her fast now. They groned and emmitted their thick come in her cunt and Ass hole. After coming their cocks went limp and they struggled to lie on the couch, completely fucked out. I could see globs of thick come trickling out of Simis cunt and ass hole and down on her thighs. I went to her and scooped out some come from her ass hole by inserting my finger and made her drink it. She licked my hand and drank all the come offered to her, licking her lips like a real slut whore. 
I then made her hang lying down with her hands and legs tied to the rope suspended from the ceiing. In this way she was suspended in lying position fron the ceiling and her all three holes could be exploited. I called the remaining three guys and explained them how to fuck the bitch in heat. I told tony to go below Simi and insert his cock in her asshole ( she was facing up ) then another to fuck her cunt and third cock to be pushed in her mouth. All took positions and inserted their cocks in her well lubricated cunt and ass. Simi grabbed the third cock in her mouth and hungrily sucked on it. I went to her and rubbed my cock on her boobs, watching the slut fucking all these cocks. Her entire body was moving to and fro with thefucking of her cunt and ass. She looked wonderful with all the cocks in her holes and swaying like a real slut she was. Her mouth was working furiously on the cock in her cunt and she was really giving him a good time. Tony was in a very difficult position, fucking her cunt from below and was all strained up. So I asked him to switch the positions and the other one got below and tony took her ass hole. This was so fast that one could not really observe this. I had a great time rubbing my cock on her firm boobs and I left trail of precome on both the boobs. 
The two who had fucked her previously got up and came to watch the show. I wanted my slut to do all nasty things. So I told asked them if their bladders were full and they wanted to piss. They looked at me and then the sluttish body of SIMI. I told them to go ahead and piss on her body and give her nice piss bath. They stood on either side of SIMI and aimed their cocks at her boobs. Then I watched their ass muscles push out and thick stream of piss atarted to come out of their semihard cocks. Each landed n the boob and sprayed hot piss on them. The cock in her mouth came and she hurriedly awallowed his come and hr throat muscles moved and she gulped it down. She expelled the now useless cock out of her mouth and gave attention to the new pleasure of piss. She moved her mouth from one direction to the other catching the piss from each cock and drinking as much as she could. The slut enjoyed this piss bath and came twice on th cock in her cunt and ass hole. Now tony and the other boy came watching all this show and filled the slutty cunt and asshole of SIMI. They too wanted to join the fun and removed their cocks and started to piss on her cunt and ass hole. In short time piss was flowing fron the body of my SLUT Slave and she came like a volcano. The room was now filled with the sex smell of come and piss. 
The slut really enjoyed it all and wanted more. My cock was now eager to fuck the come filled cunt and ass of my whore and I fucked her alternately in her cunt and ass hole. Her cunt was loose and slippery with all the come it had swallowed and her ass hole was tight and hot too. I enjoyed fucking the ass hole of the slut and then came in her mouth. She greedily swallowed my come and almost fainted in the same position in which she was hung. 
I untied her and we all rolled her into the piss and come till her entire body was covered in the sticky come and piss. The boys were hard again and they fucked her again in her cunt ass and mouth. While they fucked her all holes I spanked her and told her she was A SLUT WHORE AND DIRTY CUNT. I ABSUED HER AND then made her fuck the broom handle and give us a show. She gladly fucked her cunt with the huge broom handle and gave us a nice show of how dirty whore she was. I even forced her to put the handle in her ass hole and stretched it to the limit. 

Comments /suggestions are welcome. All the husbands out there who wish to see their wives getting fucked by stranger Please feel free to write to me, I will try to fulfill your fantasy.. Any husband wants me to do this to his wife? Any wife wants me? All are welcome. I solve sexual problems as well as marriage problems. Confidentiality assured and expected too. Any girl wishes to learn? All ladies and horny girls are welcome. I love young girls too. Want to play roles for real?? Feel free to write. Write to me at jeevan80@yahoo.com 


 




<Back To Pages>

