hi prateek again this time i have a story of me & my sister 19yrs old. this incident happened when she was 16 & i was 15. so here we go Once we went to our native place to attend a function.it was nearly 3 years we had met each other.As i went there i saw a girl with a large boobs & atractive body. 

As i went near to her she was my sister i was surprised to see her with such a stunning beauty.we attende d the function and everything was over then my father had to come back & so he started from as there will be some work to my mother in the house hold my mothere also came back with my father.SAo i had to return to hyderabad but due to the pressure of my grand parents i stopped over there for few days.For some days i used to enjoy the beauty of my sister when ever she used to bend to sweep or to do some work. One fine day my grand parents had to go to near by place to see some people,as it was not the good place they told both of us to stay at home only. After some time my sister went to take bath,i dont know that she went to take the bath as i was busy in watching the some football match, due to some ignorance i went to my sisters room there the room was unlocked and to y surprise i listened the sound of the shower. then my sense went to bad feeling and i went to the door and started to peep from the key hole.

I had no words to tell the beauty of my sister as she was naked from top to bottom.I had a clear view and i was unable to forget thet snap from my mind. When ever she ussed to come infront of me i used to get the full view of my sister,but to my surprise she was exposing her private parts to me. In the afternoon afterr the lunch she came to me and said that its bad thing to peep from the key hole, by listeniong those words my nerves got the temperature & i said sorry for what i did but she said its bad to see from key hole if u wanna see it i would have shown u my dear brother the words got into my nerves. she said that no one is there in the house and i will show u everthing come with me then i followed her to her room.she locked the main door and came to the room mean while i was very nerves how to act to the moment. 

She came near me And told what u wanna see i wes in my dumb stage then she took me in her arms and told cont be afraid i too was searching for this moment.its good not to go out but its safe to have sex wuth my own brother.this words filled the strength in my mind and i told her to show her tits then she started to remove the blouse and then her bra her tits were totally exposed to me they were in front of my eyes i kept my hand on them they were so soft like a mangoes i squeezed it she told dont be so harsh towards them iam your you can do what u want to do. 

slowly i started to loose her petticoat and found a pink panty down hey trunk i kept one hand inside it and started rubbing with the one of my finger she was moaning aaaaahhhhhh uuuuushhhhhhhhhhthese sounds were making me crazy & i was on her she said show ur rod then i quickly unzipped my self my pennis was at the peak moment she caught hold of it & said i cant wait please fuck me she was moaning to what i was doing to her i was sucking,squeezing the tit on other hand iwas near about to put my hard cock in her pussy she was moaning aaaaaaahhhhhhhh uuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhh.........pleedsa ............AAHHHHHHHHHHHeeeeeddddddrrrrruuuuuuuuu aaaaaaahhhhhhhand fter some time i cummed whole cum inside her she was well satisfied with the game