Wood Tic and Skinny Dipping
byPoorwriter©

This is one letter of a series of letters written by Catherine, a mid forties little cutie to her husband. She is very pretty and in excellent shape. He just loves to read about what she did and he's asked her to record anything sensual or sexual that happens to her. 

If she remembers things from the past she writes them down too. She uses terms to describer herself that he likes to read. Later when they are alone, they read the letters together with her sometimes acting them out. They have a lot of fun and it makes for great lovin' for them. I hope you like the story.

*

Honey,

I have to tell you what happened this weekend. You know I went camping with my sister Diane and her husband Chris from Wednesday till Sunday. You had to work and the kids were all at friends so just I went with them. 

They are so fun and I just love them so much. We stayed in a tent and in a wonderful state park in Minnesota. It was so beautiful but I had one embarrassing thing happen to me though.

At night Diane and I would go in the tent first to get dressed and Chris gave us our privacy whenever we had to change. 

Saturday morning he got up first and was getting a little fire going to start some pancakes and coffee. I was changing and I found a wood tic. 

This is the creepy part. It was on my labia. Yeh! Right on my sweet little perfect pussy. Yikes!!!!

I almost freaked out. I tried to pull it off but it was really dug in there deep. I asked Di if she had a tweezers or anything and she didn't. I hadn't thought to bring one either. 

Both my sister and I bite our nails enough that they are worthless to pull a tic. When I showed her she got serious and said, "You have to get that off, tics carry lime disease." 

I said, "I know, I can't leave this dang thing on me, what if it got inside me? What can I do?" 

She said, "Chris has good fingernails, he can take it off." 

Since I had no other options and I need to get it off, I said, "O.K., go get him." 

She called him in and he said he would be happy to help. We both laughed and said, "Oh I bet you will be happy to help." 

Well I was lying on my sleeping bag with it over my lap. I took a deep breath and moved the sleeping bag and let him see my pussy. 

He said, "Oh you are beautiful Catherine, just gorgeous!!!! Your pussy looks just like Di's, only shaved. Oh I love that smooth look!!! He turned to his wife and said, "Di, we have to shave yours like this O.K.? Look how sexy it looks!!!" 

Diane said, "We'll see Pal, just get that tic off of her." 

Chris said to me, "Sweetie, you will have to really open up and maybe just roll back for me too." 

So I rolled back on my back and spread my legs and put my arms behind my knees and pulled my knees and legs waaaay apart. 

It was so embarrassing for me to let him see my pussy and especially so spread out like this. And I knew he could see my little cute butt too.

He saw the tic and tried to grab it. But as he pulled, it pulled my labia with it and it hurt. As my lip 'snapped back' I said, "Ouch!!! Please be careful Chris." 

So he had to take hold of my lip between his finger and thumb and pull with his other hand. He had his hands all over my pussy. He said, I'm sorry but you are getting a little slippery." 

It was true and this is embarrassing, but I was getting wet from him touching me so much and from being so spread open like that. 

It took about ten minutes. I sort of think he was taking that long on purpose, but I couldn't complain. 

He finally got it off and I had to lay there and rub my pussy cause it was so sore from all the pulling. At that point I didn't care if he saw me cause he'd been six inches from my pussy for the last ten minutes anyway. 

And believe me, when a female has take off her panties and spread her legs to let a man in there, unless it's for fun, ten minutes feels like ten years.

I looked down and little Miss Clitty had gotten all engorged and she really stood out. Then I couldn't believe it, but Chris asked if he could just lick me once just to see what a nice smooth pussy feels like. 

I looked at my sister and she just rolled her eyes and said, "Sorry Hon, I knew the minute he laid eyes on that thing, he'd be smitten with you. That's all I'll hear about if he doesn't get to try it. Do you mind?"

I said, "I guess not if you don't." So Chris got down on his knees and held my bare hips in his hands like he was about to take a bite out of a watermelon. 

He gently began to lick my pussy. Slow at first and then nice long licks from my smooth little taint (as you call it) all the way up to Miss Clitty herself. Then his tongue would roll her around a few times and make the trip back down. And here's the hard part to admit Honey, it felt grrrrreat!!! 

Di began to laugh and she said, "I was afraid of that. He's not much a looker but he's one heck of a licker isn't he?" We all laughed at that. 

Chris pumped his fist in the aIr like he was taking credit for hitting a home run. She said, "I don't mind sharing him. Go ahead and enjoy it 'cause Sissy, you are in for a treat!" 

Chris grinned at us both and took that as a green light and he began to really go to town. I just laid back and closed my eyes and played with my now exposed boobies and nipples. 

I was really getting going when I felt him slip two fingers in me and he must have curled them up cause I was soon getting a fabulous internal gee spot massage. It was like he had Gee Spot GPS or something!!! Man did he hit the bull's-eye!!! Whew!!!!!

Just when I thought it couldn't get any better, his other hand slides the hood up on Miss Clitty and he began to rub her in gentle little circles with his magic tongue and in about three minutes I was bucking my hips up in the air and panting and all of a sudden he slips a finger in my butt!!!!! 

Yiiikes!!!! What a surprise!!!! And so was the amazing sensation. I'd have never believed I'd like that, but soon one of the greatest orgasms ever swept over me like a gigantic tidal wave!!!!! 

I was so glad no one else was camping near us cause I was screaming out loud, "Yes!!! YES!!!! YES!!!! Right there!!! Yes!!! Oooh YEH!!!! It took me five minutes to get my breath back. 

I had grabbed Chris by his hair and held him tight down to my hot, wet pussy. When I was all done, I finally let him go.

I told my sister Di how lucky she was. You are just as good, Honey and maybe even better. But I never believed anyone else had it as good as me, but I can testify that my sister does. 

Chris says, "That was some WON -- DER - FULL PUSSY Catherine -- thanks!!! Now let's check the rest of you for tics. 

I figured he'd seen me all by now so I stood up totally naked and he checked over every inch of my body. 

I didn't think he really had to hold, lift and squeeze my breasts to see a tic, but he explained, "They can sneaky bastards and you can't be too careful." 

That wise guy felt my titties up really good. He had me bend way over and when I did he kissed my bare bottom. Diane said, "Oh Honey, I saw that comin", He's such a pussy-hound isn't he?" 

We didn't find any more on me. Then Deb stripped off her P.J.'s and we checked her over. She had a tic on the inside of her butt cheek almost on her pussy too. Those dang tics must be just like men, always trying to get into a pussy. 

Anyway, she got on her knees and he took it off. Wow, she has a fine body. I guess I never noticed before how fine she is. 

Do I look that fine when I bend over? It even makes her boobs look fabulous hanging there like that. No wonder you like to see me like that. 

Even our pussy looks cool like that between those soft white butt cheeks and thighs, doesn't it? I always ask you why guys love to see girl's bare butts bending over and now I know. They're super gorgeous, that's why.

Well when we were done we made Chris get naked too and we checked him over good. I pretended there were a couple of them on his penis and I held it and looked it all over and pulled on it to sort of get even. I pulled really hard too and he got huge and he actually liked it too just like you do. He's got a nice one too!! 

Well I got dressed and Di gave Chris a nice blow job, but I didn't care to watch her. She said, "Sorry, Cath, but every time he even sees a pussy, let alone lick one, he has to get off. I think every guy does." 

I agreed. I said, "You get off easy, if Michael even talks about it or hears the word pussy, I have to take care of him or he'll be charged up all day. We both laughed at what sex slaves you pitiful men are.

So the rest of the trip was fun, but nothing like that. Although we did change in front of each other after that and even skinny dipped in the river together. We figured that once we'd all seen each other naked anyway ... what would it matter. 

I hope you're O.K. with that. I'll tell ya, you are sure right about one thing. The more time you spend naked, the more natural it feels. 

The next morning we were in the river skinny dipping to wash up and refresh ourselves and a young Forest Ranger came by. 

We didn't notice him till we saw him standing there on the shore holding up all of our clothes. He was about 28 years old and actually quite good looking. 

When Chris noticed him he says to us kind of quietly, "Oh look, a young one, why don't you two tease this guy?" Di and I looked at each other and smiled and laughed in agreement. 

So sure enough the guys calls out, "Citizens, there is no skinny dipping allowed here. You will need to wear suits if you don't have them or else get out and get dressed."

Di and I just walked straight out of the river which wasn't all that deep to begin with. We walked right up to the guy and said, "Oh Hi Officer, we didn't mean to break any rules. We didn't see any signs or anything." 

It was so funny; he could hardly find our eyes. He had four perfect breasts with four nice puffy nipples to look at, not to mention two flat tummies, four nice long legs and best of all, two super fine pussies to decide what to look at. He seemed to have trouble deciding between a smooth pussy and a hairy pussy. 

We turned around a couple times to talk to Chris so the Ranger would get to see our bare butts too. I was standing there squeegying off the water from my boobies and tummy. 

I saw him staring so I used my hand to slide the water off my pussy mound too. I said, "These little shaved pussies dry faster than those furry ones." As I pointed his attention to Di's fine pussy.

We look so much alike except she is two sizes taller and everything is two sizes bigger. Boobs, nips, butt, legs and pussy too. 

Chris came out and he put his shorts on right away cause he looked stupid with his penis bouncing around.

The Ranger says, "La, La, Ladies, you should pa, pa, probably get dressed na, now." He was stammering and still staring at our totally naked bodies. 

We both said, "Oh yes sir, in just a minute officer, O.K.? 

He says, "Well as s,s,s,ssoon as possible then."

Di looks at his name tag and it says Jeffrey Talmond. So Di says, "Say Jeffrey, do us a favor will you?" 

He's now staring directly at her big puffy nipples on her nice firm breasts, but he answers, "Yes, what is that?"

Di continues, "I noticed you have been staring at our vulvas and you can see one is shaved smooth, (I step my feet apart and do a Vanna White move, waving my hand up and down the length of my pussy to draw his attention and you know I have that nice long slit that goes way up high in front), on Miss Catherine here and mine is the traditional look with pubic hair covering my private inner lips. Which do you prefer?"

He was all flustered and said, "That is not proper for me to say." 

I said, "Oh sure it is, it's the most natural and proper thing in the entire world. Every single person ever born came through one of these nice pussies. 

Every woman has one. You sure seem to like ours too don't you? Well don't you like em?" 

He said, "Well, Yeh, I mean no, I mean, I can't comment on that." 

Di says, "Jeffrey I don't think you have to say anything, that big bulge in your pants says it all." 

I laughed too and said, "WOW!!! Jeffrey did these little pussies cause that big change in you or are you just REALLY glad to see us?"

We had enough fun and we knew we needed to get dressed. Chris looked all serious and he walked up behind us and he said, "Stop it now. You two girls have been very naughty. Bend over right now!!!" 

He continued. "And I MEAN it!!!!" We both bent over letting our boobies hang and swing too. Jeffrey sure noticed that!!! 

We poked our fine little bubble butts out at Chris and he gave us each three hard spanks. We both yelled out, OUCH!! 

Then Chris says, "Officer would you like to give them each a spank for being so disrespectful?" 

Di and I didn't wait for his answer, we turned and got right in front of him and we each bend all the way over and Chris said, "Go ahead officer, they deserve it."

Now Honey, I could not believe it but that young guy gave us each four good spanks. On me he did two about mid-height and the other two were low and since my feet were a little too far apart he actually also spanked my little pussy!!!!! OUCH!!!! But instead of just hurt it felt sexy too.

Well we stood up and put on our clothes, but before we each pulled our shorts up all the way we said, "O.K. decide -- shaved smooth or soft and hairy?" He just pointed at mine. 

So we all laughed and said, "Of course the clean cut look!" Di says, "Jeffrey, you'd better go take care of that erection before you shoot in your pants." 

He finally laughed this time and said, "You know what young lady? It's quittin' time and I am heading home to see my lady and I'll take all your teasing out on her!!!" 

We all laughed as he waved and left. He yelled over his shoulder, "Thanks for the greatest day of my 8 year career!!"

Di and I lifted our tee shirts and shook our boobies at him and he waived again. He dropped something on the ground and yelled, "I'm leaving a little present for you!" 

We were curious and we walked over there. He dropped three free one-year State Parks passes good for all Minnesota State Parks!!!! SCORE!!!! I sure hope you don't mind everything that happened. 

And please don't be mad O.K.? Chris said if it bothered you about him licking my pussy, you could go down on Diane. She liked the idea and actually insisted on it. 

So next time they come over, I guess you and my sister will be getting better acquainted. You always thought she was a hottie anyway right? Thanks!

Love,

Your sexy, fun, adventurous, used-to-be-modest wife,

Catherine
