It had worked!

Tarrant knew he should not have doubted the White Queen’s word but he had still been holding his breath, terrified when Alice saw him in the Looking Glass. For all of Her Majesty’s assurances and his own knowledge of her potions expertise, he had still been worried that the potion she had given him would not work.

Even now he wasn’t quite sure exactly how it had worked.

He wasn’t sure how he had found his way out of the Madness.

He only knew that one moment he was lost in the swirling colors, wanting only their blissful release, and the next he was staring back into the mirror, catching only a brief glimpse of Alice’s questioning face before an unseen figure draped something over it, darkening the surface once more. Slowly he had managed to return (mostly) from that descent and the mirror remained dark.

Mirana had come to his workshop not long after that.

Much to his surprise, he hadn’t had to explain anything. Tarrant did have to wonder if she had been watching him while he was lost to Madness and Time. When the Queen had entered the room she had taken one look at him, nodded quickly at seeing him recognize her and then she had ordered him to a bath.

A bath!

Once he was clean and dressed in fresh clothing, his hat perched atop his head the Queen sat him down for tea and stared at him with her dark brown eyes.

“You’ll need this,” she said and then lifted a vial of amber colored liquid from the table next to her cup.

“What is it?”

Mirana finally smiled, almost sadly. “Something that will allow you to reach her, just for a short time.”

There was no need to ask which her the Queen spoke of. Tarrant felt his whole being shiver and he leaned closer, listening as the pale woman explained.

In essence, the potion would have to be drunk by him but accepted by her. She had to acknowledge him and it. If she did he would be able to reach through the mirror, not completely but just enough, to touch her. His presence would be invisible and it was possible she might only think it a breath of wind.

If she refused it…

If she refused then no potion would ever allow him to try again. She would remain on the other side of the glass, caught forever in her own world, with him.

But wait…

It had already happened.

It had worked!

He had been able to touch her, to feel her, to hear her cry out only for him.

The only thing that made it bittersweet was the look in her eyes after it was over. Tarrant knew that look. It was one he’d carried for many many years. The beginnings of Madness.

And he was partly the cause. That much he couldn’t deny.

He shook himself back to the present and looked down at his hands

But what if she never believed he was real? True, the potion had worked and the door between their worlds would remain slightly open but that didn't mean she'd ever remember and want to come back. That was the final key. The potion only allowed him to make that brief contact and keep the door open. Alice would have to remember Underland on her own. And though the Queen hadn't said it, he knew that much more was at stake than his own heart.

Knowing that didn't change his own feelings.

He just wanted his Alice, this wonderfully full of muchness Alice, back in his arms.

Another possibility came to him as he stared at his hands. She might remember, she might come back, but what if she didn't want to come back for him? Or what if he didn't measure up to the "Tarrant" she had essentially created? Would she prefer to venture deeper into her own madness alone? She was already taking that first step and though he rejoiced because it took her out of reach of that bloody Knave, it laid the foundation for taking her away from him as well.

Tarrant saw his hands shake and quickly laid them on the velvety surface of a new hat that he was working on. What if she didn't love him but only the idea of him? After all, she didn't remember who he was, what he was, the madness that was always just below the surface. She only knew the image of him, just the barest touch of him. And that wasn't enough for her to truly know him.

I want her! 

There was no denying that most primal of urges. Even knowing that she'd been just a wee lad when first she came to the tea table, he'd had no problems transferring that fondness to desire for her older, in bloom self that had appeared again. He couldn't deny that he wanted her in many of the same ways that he had been forced to watch Stayne take her. More than that he wanted to know every inch of her body, wanted to feel her quiver under his calloused hands, wanted to breathe in the sweet scent of her...

Wanted to hear her gasp out his name...

"Tarrant..." 

He felt himself harden at just the memory of her voice. As much as he tried to force his mind away from such thoughts, Tarrant found himself remembering the warmth of her skin beneath his hand. The feeling of her relinquishing control to his own ghostly presence. Without realizing it, his own hands had already made quick work of the buttons on his trousers and he reached inside, stroking that stiffened part of him that wanted so much more. He sank down into the chair near the mirror and closed his eyes, sliding his hand along the shaft, his mind wandering.

All too quickly his wandering mind landed on an image of Alice, completely, deliciously, bare of clothing. The only difference between this imagining and the memory of seeing her like that was that now there was no mirror between them and she gazed directly into his face. And this imaginary Alice gave him a look that made him groan deep in throat.

Would Alice, the real-touchable-naughty-Alice, look at him like that someday without the mirror between them?

If she would…

What would she do next?

If his imagination was any indication she might crawl toward him slowly, just as his not-really-here-Alice was doing. Her lips were turned up in a small smile and he swore for an instant that she bore a remarkable resemblance to Chessur with that mischievous expression. Suddenly, faster than she should have been able to move on her hands and knees, she was there, her cheek pressing against the inside of his knee. That smile was still on her face and Tarrant had to remind himself that this was not his real-Alice, just a made-up-terribly-naughty-Alice.

He was completely caught up in this fantasy now, shuddering as he imagined her inching closer, moving between his legs until she knelt so close that he could even imagine the heat of her body so near to his own. The heat seemed to travel over his skin and inflame his desire even more. He felt the throbbing of the swollen organ in his hand and when her eyes left his and focused on that same part of him. Her gaze lingered there for a long moment and then slowly she raised her brown eyes to meet his again, her smile almost inquisitive.

"Alice...," he whispered, the hoarseness of his voice startling in the silence. Amazing, this creature of his imagination, this not-real-at-all-Alice. Tarrant marveled that he could even think of an Alice looking at him like this much less reaching that small white hand up to touch his leg. He shuddered as she slid her hand slowly along the fabric of his trousers, closer and closer to the part of him that twitched as if begging for her touch.

And with that innocent-mischievous look on her face, she obliged.

It wasn't real. Those weren’t really her fingers touching him so tentatively. It wasn't really her hand sliding down the shaft, slipping deftly under his own.

Those weren’t really her lips, soft as petals, pressing a gentle kiss to the top of that twitching organ.

His throat closed up and he couldn't produce a single sound at that sensation. Even his breath froze in his lungs as his imagination worked overtime, letting him think he could feel her warm breath on him.

It’s not real! 

Tarrant knew he should stop thinking these things, knew that he should not think of His Alice doing what this Imagined-Alice seemed about to do. He should think of something (anything!) else. He should get up, make himself presentable and being working on the latest orders that were half-finished here in his workshop. Yes, he should do those things straightaway and lock this particular imagining away in the back of his mind where it might not be seen again for a long time.

Oh, but this fantasy-Alice was persistent.

When those lips parted and then closed again, taking the tip of him into her mouth, Tarrant knew there would be no ending this fantasy abruptly. The feeling of her mouth, warm and wet and the touch of her tongue, rubbing along the underside of his shaft combined with her hand that was still under his own squeezing gently was almost too much.

After a moment of hesitation she found a rhythm, moving her head up and down along his member. Tarrant’s hand gripped hers tightly and began to stroke, matching her movements. He seemed unable to take his eyes off her, fascinated by the sight of her as she eagerly devoured him. It wasn’t long before he felt that familiar pressure building, causing his muscles to tense. With his free hand he reached out and touched her hair, the softness of the strands tickling his palm. He didn’t want to be rough, didn’t want to grip her hair tightly as he had seen Stayne do, yet part of him did! Fighting that particular urge he instead let his hand move to cup the back of her head, forcing himself to only use a light pressure to encourage her.

A choked, almost mewing sound, came from his fantasy and she looked up at him, those brown eyes gazing at him while her mouth continued its efforts. It was that direct look that pushed him past that brink and into the release he craved. Unable to resist anymore, Tarrant pulled her head closer and felt her body jerk as he pushed himself deep into her mouth, nudging back as far as she could take him. Spasm after spasm shook him and he closed his eyes, feeling the warm liquid dripping back down his shaft, wetting his hand and trousers.

A long moment later Tarrant was able to open his eyes and found his workshop empty once more. There was no trace of his Imaginary-Alice; not unless he counted the very real evidence of his orgasm that now covered his hand. Leaning his head back, he sighed.

Would His Alice ever do such a thing? He had seen her do that with Stayne, had seen the man’s triumphant glances into the mirror during those moments. Yet, would Alice ever want to do such a thing with him, a man who was simply a hatter, and mad as well?

Tarrant shook himself and smiled. First things first, he thought. First, she had to remember and then want to return. Then they could talk of tea and ravens and feelings and…and…

And maybe…that….