Chapter 2 Zoes secret and school fun mf,Mf,

Danny was still asleep when I stuck my head into his room, thankfully I noticed the carrot on his bed and collected it before going to my own bedroom. I tucked the carrot away at the back of my wardrobe and flopped down onto my bed. My pussy was a bit sore from the pounding it had taken but I was happy. It didnt take long before I was fast asleep. 

Monday was a shock, 7-am and the alarm going off and a school day. I got up and quickly showered and dressed. Surprisingly my pussy didnt feel too bad, in fact it wasnt sore at all. As I passed Dannys door he called out to me. 
Hi I said as I stuck my leant onto his doorframe with my legs crossed. 
You OK? 
Yeah He looked worried. Whats up I said  
 Are you OK? I nodded Thank God for that I was worried Id gone too far and you were going to blab to Mum and Dad that Id raped you or something. I didnt mean to scare you or anything. 
You didnt scare me I looked over my shoulder. I could hear Mum and my step Dad talking in the kitchen. I quickly walked over to his bed and pulled the covers back. He was still naked from last night, I knelt next to his bed and took his semi hard cock in my hand guiding it swiftly into my mouth. I made sure I could still hear my parents talking in the kitchen as I gave my step bro a swift blow job. It didnt take long and he was soon filling my mouth with his hot cum.  Happy Im not scared now I smiled at him, licked my lips and went downstairs for breakfast checking in the mirror on the stairs as I went that all his cum had  gone in my mouth and none had spattered my face or school uniform.

Morning I smiled at my parents with a tingle in my pussy and a mouthful of cum which I washed down with a bowl of Crunchy Nut cornflakes and a glass of smoothie. I was having so much fun and the fact that they had no idea just made me tingle all over.
 
After breakfast I grabbed my blazer and my book bag and headed off to meet my best friend Zoe at the bus stop smiling to myself at the fun I was going to have telling her about my weekend and how jealous she would be that I had lost my virginity and had my first blowjob in one hot weekend. I had known Zoe since we were at pre school together and she was always perfectly dressed and very prim and proper. We had never really talked about sex except giggling about boys and the pictures we were shown in sex ed class. We were very alike in features and body shape with shoulder length blonde hair small breasts and slightly flared hips. HI I said excitedly as I approached the bus stop. She was on her own as the bus wasnt due for another ten minutes and most of the kids who got on at our stop turned up as the bus did often running the last few metres before the driver shut the doors. 
Whats up with you? Zoe looked at me retuned my smile but with a puzzled look in her eyes. 
I did it
What
Lost it
Lost what? This was getting us nowhere but I could hardly contain myself
My virginity.  I watched Zoe expecting her to be shocked and for her to start asking lots of questions but she didnt she just smiled 
About time Zoe said quietly, That makes it so much easier to talk to you about stuff now With that she gave me a hug and said Me too
What I almost shouted This weekend?
Shhhh Katie, not so loud, unless you want to get branded as a slut we have to keep quiet. Did you like it? What happened? And who was it ?
I told the story of my weekend and instead of being shocked or surprised she was knowledgeable and quite happy to discuss the taste of cum, how good a hard cock felt inside you and how much fun our bodies could be. So youve heard my news, more to the point when did you start having sex and who with? I cant believe you didnt tell me. 
 Yeah sorry she said, But I thought you would be worried and shocked and not want to be my friend, and Ill only tell you now if you promise not to judge me or tell anyone. Zoe looked so serious I wondered what she was going to say. I do modeling stuff in magazines and movies. Its specialist stuff thats not exactly legal, but it is fun.
How did you get into that kind of thing, isnt it dangerous. The bus pulled up.
Not really well have to talk at lunch and Ill tell you all then. We had been huddled at the back of the bus stop and now there was a crowd round the doors waiting to board the bus. We sat quietly for the ride to school although Zoe had slipped her hand round mine and gave it the occasional squeeze. We split up as we got off the bus to go to lessons agreeing to meet in the quad for our sandwiches and Zoes story. It was an agonizing wait as double maths dragged on. At last the lunch bell rang and I ran down to the quad to find Zoe who had tucked herself away in a corner where we couldnt be heard. 

 HI I said slightly out of breath
 Hi said Zoe, she smiled but looked down and avoiding eye contact. 
Hey dont be like that I think being in films and modeling sounds kinda cool, and certainly turns me on so tell me everything dont leave anything out. 

OK  Zoe looked up and smiled You are such a good friend, and it is fun actually. I get fucked by a variety of guys and they all make sure I cum at least once. And the moneys really good. Thats why I got onto it really. 
Let me start from the beginning.  My Dad got into a shit load of debt not just with the bank but with a guy they call Zardie. Id seen this guy in the house a few times and he always seemed OK. Him and my Dad got on fine, and then one night I overheard my Mum and Dad talking and  Dad saying that he needed to start paying Zardie back as he owed him over 20 grand and things were getting heavy. The next night as I was walking home from school he was standing in the alleyway near my house. As I approached he called out to me and asked if I wanted to help my Dad pay off his debt  and have fun at the same time. I asked him how and he said he ran a modeling agency as part of his business and that he was looking always looking for pretty girls to star in his magazines. I asked him what I would have to do and he said that I would just have to pose whilst a photographer took some pictures, nothing difficult but that for every time I did it I would get 200 which he would take off my Dads debt and I get to keep the clothes and that my Dad never need know. Because he mentioned keeping the clothes I didnt think of the possibility of there being any nudity involved so said OK and he arranged to collect me from the road next to the bus stop the next night and that it would take about two hours.  

I told Mum that I was staying at after school club but would be home by 7pm. She was fine with that and I met Zardie where we agreed, He was in a really nice Mercedes limo with a driver and everything. I got in and he was really nice, he explained that they used a house a short way away and that I looked really nice in my uniform. We pulled up at some massive gates and then drove through up to like this mansion with white walls and stone steps leading up to big wooden doors. A guy came down and opened the car door for me and we went up the steps into the hallway. Kat the place was massive. Zardie guided me gently towards the left and we went onto a big lounge where there was a fireplace with a rug in front of it. Ok lets get a few shots of you in your uniform Zardie called to another guy who instructed me what to do. It started with simple shots of me either sitting or lying on the floor, then Zardie told me I could pay back another 50 if I posed in my bra and panties. I thought about it for a minute and then said Id do it but I wanted another 200 off Dads debt. 
Zardie agreed and I they took some photos with my knickers showing. I was getting a bit turned on by now and was feeling a bit you know carefree so really wasnt bothered when I did the shots in just my bra and panties. They took about 40 shots and then said I could get dressed. It was easy money. We did this another couple of times and then he asked if I wanted to do nudes on my own for 300 a time. I was quite horny at the time as Id started to do some shots with my bra strap off or my knickers partly down and they were really complimentary about my body so I agreed. They had stopped bothering Dad for repayments too He thought that they had forgotten and Zardie had told him that they may just write the debt off as they had bigger problems at the moment. 

First they took some shots of me lying on the sofa in my underwear then some totally nude, and then we moved upstairs to a bedroom. There they took some shots of me on the bed and I could see that the camera man and Zardie had big bulges in their trousers which made me even hotter. My pussy was really itching ad tingly so when they suggested that I spread my legs and rub myself I did. I was so horny I came quickly only to find they both had the cocks out and were standing over me rubbing them. The camera guy came on my body and quickly took some shots showing my cum streaked belly and then Zardie sat on the bed next to me with his cock in his hand. He looked at me and said how sexy I looked and did I want to make some serious money. I asked how. He slid his hand along my thigh stopping just short of my pussy and said 500 if you do still photos of you sucking cock or 750  for a movie and 750 still shots of me fucking or 1000 for a movie. 

I thought of my Dads debt before telling him that I would do it but I hadnt touched a boy before yet alone had sex. He said he would show me what to do and moved my hand onto his prick. It looked huge and felt hard but was so soft at the same time. It was like a silk covered rod of steel. He showed me how to jack him off and then told that I should lick and suck it like a popsicle 
I was mesmerized by this new toy so leant forward and began to lick and the suck his cock. As I moved to suck his cock my legs shifted and his hand pressed up against my now very wet pussy. He gently rubbed my slit concentrating on my clit. I moaned whilst his prick was in my mouth and he came. Huge globs of cum spurted down my throat and in shock I pulled his cock out of my mouth and another couple of strands landed all over my cheeks and chin. The camera man took several shots before asking me to push the cum on my face into my mouth with my fingers. It didnt taste too bad, as you now know. 

He smiled at me and said that I had been fantastic and that he would take another 500 off my Fathers debt. The trouble was with the interest he was charging the 200 I was being paid for photos was hardly doing anything to get the debt down. I decided then that the only way I was going to help my Dad was to do the movies.  So I asked him if I could do a movie to see if I liked it. He was over the moon, he clapped his hands and said of course, but not today. Then he said he would make me cum to show me how good my body could be. He told me to lean back on the bed and he began to lick my thighs. He moved slowly up to my pussy gently kissing as he went before licking the length of my slit. As he licked up to my clit he slid a finger inside me. I was in heaven, my breaths were coming in short ragged starts and my hips were rising to get as much of his tongue as I could. When I came I felt like my body was exploding. I sagged back on the bed exhausted. 

Zardie drove me back to the road next to my house and dropped me off. He said that he would pick me up from Smith Street every Tuesday after school and then run me home by 6pm. And thats what he does. 

So when did this start? I was amazed and hurt that my best friend had kept something so important and exciting secret from me. 
2 months ago and Ive had sex every week with a different boy. It is so much fun, and Ive taken nearly 4k off my Dads debt. And he has a Doctor that can prescribe the pill. 
 I think I want to meet Zardie. I could help pay off your Dads debt too.
 He wants me to do a movie with another girl that could be you., if you wanted it to be.
Do you want me to call him and ask? Then if we do each other and you can start the pill in time to get fucked the next time. 
Yes do it, will it be tomorrow? 
Ill ask. He will want to see us practice before the movie, and maybe do things with other people, youll most likely have to suck him off as well.
Has he fucked you? I asked getting wetter by the minute.
 Yes a couple of times, I get presents for that. So far a new ipod and a laptop. 
 With that Zoe got out her phone and dialed a number Hi Zee its me, you know you wanted me to do a vid with another girl, well Ive found one. She listened for a moment. No she wont tell anyone shes cool, Ive known her since pre school. Cool, no she isnt a virgin. 11 same as me, blond shoulder length, bit bigger than mine. Yes, yes, not yet. Ok see you then. Bye. 
Wow a lot of questions what did he say? Zoe had rolled her eyes several times during the conversation with Zardie. 
 Hes cool with it, wanted to know of you were a virgin, whether you had sucked cock and if we had been together yet. I think he will want to fuck you tomorrow just in case you dont come back.
Thats OK, not been fucked by an adult yet, is he big?
Quite big, he cums loads, its difficult to keep it all in your mouth so be ready. Zoe laughed as she told me this. Better get back to lessons or we will end up in detention. See you on the bus. 




We split up with Zoe heading off for science and me for P.E. 

Ouch awww God I lay on the floor gripping my  thigh. I had pulled a muscle jumping for a ball and was in agony.  I was helped up by Miss Hogarth and taken through to the treatment room. 
Mr Jones, I think Katie has pulled her hamstring can you take a look at it please. Katie Mr Jones will look after you. With that she helped me up onto the couch and left to return to the gym. 

 Hi Katie, what have you done asked Mr Jones in a concerned tone. Gareth Jones was about 35, had a toned muscular body which filled out his tight white T shirt nicely and had only recently joined the school as head of PE. All the girls including me had a bit of a thing for him and I was getting that tingly feel as he approached the treatment couch. I was lying flat on my back with my head on a  pillow which put my head at the same level as his crotch. 

I looked up at him and explained that I had jumped for a ball and felt something go in my left leg which now throbbed with a dull ache. 
Two things we can do to try and help, Katie, a massage with deep heat and a session with the vibro paddle, after that well see how you feel.  He put on a pair of latex gloves picked up a tube of deep heat and squeezed a small bit onto his fingers. Lets try this first I jumped as he started to gently massage the oil into my thigh. He was leaning across me and his crotch was by my head. Keep still now I tried to relax and let my legs fall apart a little to give him access to the rest of my thigh. He continued his massage slowly working his way up my thigh from my knee. I wriggled a bit as he got near the top of my leg causing him to bang his hand into my pussy. Sorry he said 
 No problem  I said my voice cracking slightly. My pussy was beginning to get damp and was itching like mad.
 Right lets give that a minute then Ill give the vibro pads a whirl Mr Jones turned and went out of the room closing the door behind him. I quickly gave my pussy a quick rub to try and get rid of the itch but only succeeded in making a wet patch on my shorts. The door opened as I moved my hand and Mr Jones came back in with something that looked like a white showerhead. Right hows the leg feeling?  he said as he plugged the vibro massager into the wall socket. 
Still a bit sore I said hoping he wouldnt notice the wet patch at my crotch. He started the massager and began at the top of my thigh, I drew a sharp intake of breath as the vibrations coursed through my leg into my crotch and my throbbing clit. 
AAAAHHHH I sighed Oh sir dont stop Mr Jones smiled as he suggested that I remove my shorts and knickers as they were awfully wet. He paused before moving to the door and locking it. 
He slipped his fingers under the waistband of my shorts and pulled them down. I raised my bum off the treatment table to assist their removal, with my knickers quickly following. The atmosphere was electric as the coach stepped over that invisible pupil teacher line. Lets dry them here he said putting them on the radiator, Now does this help. He started to rub my slit in slow regular movements before bring he vibro massage device up to the top of my mons.
Ohhhhhhhh god I murmured.  Yes thats sooo good. He slid his middle finger into my pussy whilst continuing his massage of my clit, I was doing my best to be quiet but his ministrations were causing me to raise my hips off the table and force his finger deeper into me. 
Like that do you? he said rhetorically, Not the first time you have had something in there, are you a virgin?
No my words were whispered as I was getting close to cumming. 
Know what to do with one of these then his cock was out of his trousers and right by my face. I opened my mouth and allowed him to put his hard hot dick into my wet mouth. It was already leaking pre cum as I rolled my tongue around the throbbing head. His hips rocked gently forcing about 4 of his rod in and out of my lips. I sucked hard and moaned as he slipped a second finger in with the first. Yeah keep doing that, Im going to cum soon You ready? I kinda hummed a yes as my orgasm crashed over my body. Seconds later I felt the first spurt of cum shoot down my throat, I concentrated hard on keeping his cock in my mouth until he had stopped cumming, the last thing I needed was jisim in my hair. Girl that was fantastic, you are a great little cocksucker 
 And my legs feeling better too I beamed. I was just getting my breath back to normal.
Better get your stuff back on and get a shower before the other girls come in. he chuckled, Anytime you need your leg looking at just come and see me. 
I got off the couch dressed and gave him a quick kiss, Maybe you can fuck me next time and before he could answer I disappeared down the corridor to the showers and changing rooms.
The rest of the day was made up of an English lesson and then the mad dash for the bus where I met Zoe and excitedly told her of the afternoons events. 
You are so bad she said I wonder if I can get a go with him, Ill have to think of a way. You ready for tomorrow? 
Sure am.  I smiled at the thought of being photographed with my head between my friends legs and my tongue in her pussy. I cant wait
