	About the time that Megan was having her third orgasm, Emily and Sara and Felicity had developed a plan.  Felicity had admitted that what really turned her on was the idea of pooping her panties in public, and Emily and Sara were of course on board with this, so the three had decided to go to the mall together.  Emily pulled Anna away from Megan's pussy long enough to remind her that their parents would be home in an hour so they should probably move their game upstairs.  With that, the three older girls set out for the mall in Felicity's convertible.  They all three sat in the front seat, and their hands eagerly explored each other's thighs while they drove.  

	The game was simple.  Different actions got you different points, whomever had the most points at 6 oclock won.  By the time they got there that would give them one and a half hours to play the game.  Each girl was wearing tight jeans but they each had a miniskirt in their purse.  Here's how the points broke down:

pooping in your pants = 1 point.
Pooping your pants in public = 2 points
putting poop in your bra = 3 points
wearing mini skirt with pooped panties = 2 points
bending over in mini skirt with pooped panties in front of strangers = 3 points
pooping your panties in public in mini skirt = 4 points
bending over in front of stranger in miniskirt and no panties  = 3 point
putting poop in a shoe at a shoestore = 4 points
sneaking poo into stranger's shopping bag = 4 points
getting a stranger to eat poo = 10 points
adding a stranger's poo to your panties = 6 points
smearing poo on the outside of your clothing = 6 points
using poo instead of makeup = 4 points
peeing into the public fountain = 8 points
leaving poo smudge on public seat = 2 points
eating poo in public = 3 points
wiping poo on a stranger's face = 12 points
getting a stranger to drink your piss = 12 points
wearing only poopy panties without skirt or jeans = 10 points
getting another woman to try on a piece of clothing you've had poop in = 8 points
getting a sexy girl to join in the game = 18 points

These were only a few of the rules they had invented and Emily was keeping track of new ones on her phone.  Before they had arrived at the mall Emily had changed out of her jeans and put on her miniskirt, while the other two decided to play it conservative at first.  They parked in the lot and walked into the mall.  It was a busy afternoon at the mall, and it was packed.
	“So, where to first?”  Emily asked.
	“I need to get some new makeup, how about we go to MAC.” Felicity chimed in.  As they headed int hat direction, Sara strained and an noticeable bulge appeared through her jeans on her behind. 
	“2 points!” she announce with a smirk as she kept walking.  The girls arrived at the MAC store and approached the counter where they were greeted by a very sexy and skinny teenager with dark makeup and hair.  She began to talk to them about makeup and when she turned her back to get some samples Sara reached behind and slid her hand into her jeans so that her finger plunged into the mess she had made.  She wiggled her finger around for a bit before pulling it out and, closing her eyes, she applied the mess on her fingers to her eyelids as she would makeup.  Fluttering her eyes she looked at Emily and Felecity, “What do you think of this shade?”
	“Looks delicious,” Emily commented.
	“And that's 4 more points for Sara,” Felicity noted.  While Felicity had fantasized about this, she had never partaken in any poo games herself.  She was here on the urging of Emily and Sara who assured her not only that it would be alright, but that it would be the most fun she had ever had.  She wanted to fit in with the two attractive girls whom she had found shared her fetish, but she was also hesitant to be as bold as Sara seemed to be. 
	The girls finished at the makeup counter with in the end only Emily buying some black eyeliner.  The makeup girl, for her part, did not comment on Sara's brown eyes, only suggested a similar shade of lipstick.  As they walked out, Felicity's eyes widened at the site of the modest bulge in the back of Sara's tight fighting jeans.  To see the little lump, nestled so tightly between Sara's tight yet soft ass cheeks made Felicity blush and something tingled deep within her loins.
	The girls got out to the center portion of the mall and looked both directions, trying to decide where to go next.  Shoppers swarmed around on both sides of them, and they always noticed the eyes that landed on them from the teenage boys and even some adult men.  Felicity bit her lip and made a decision.  She reached into her purse and pulled out her pleated white miniskirt.  She kicked off her ballet flats and pulled the skirt up her legs, over her jeans.  When she had gotten it to her waist, she reached under and unfastened her jeans, pulling them down.  As she pulled the girls got only the briefest of glimpses at her bikini cut cotton panties with a koala bear printed on the butt.
	“Cute panties”  Emily offered with a smirk.  Felicity's face reddened.  
	“I didn't think I'd be showing them off today,” Felicity began, slightly embarrassed by the childish panties she was wearing.
	“No, I mean it, I think they're adorable. . . and hot!”  Emily winked at Felicity to make sure she knew she was not teasing her.  Felicity slipped back into her shoes and folder her jeans neatly and placed them back into her large purse.  Emily and Sara took a step back so as to admire Felicity.  Her legs were almost perfect, pale and smooth, just long enough – her creamy white mid thighs disapearng beneath the pleats of her skirt, which were held away from her legs in the back by her somewhat plump derrière.  Felicity definitely had curves in all the right places, and both girls couldn't help but imagine what treasures lay beneath the cotton wrapping of her clothes.
	“Well that was expertly done,” Sara quipped, “not the first time you've changed into a skirt in public?”
	“I used to be a cheerleader.” Felicity admitted.
	“I think you deserve a point for that,” Emily added, “for the brief panty flash at least if not for the skill.”
	“Thanks.”
	“Well I'm still ahead with 6. Felicity has 1, and my poor baby has yet to get any.” Sara said, giving Emily a pat on her denim covered butt.
	“We've only just begun.” Emily said with a confident tone.
	“Got something planned?”  Sara asked
	“I've got some ideas, but I notice that you've held back yourself, with all the bran you've been eating I know you've got more in you than you've let into your jeans so far.”
	“Well, a girl shouldn't lay all her cards down at once.” Sara said with a mischievous grin.
	“So, where to next?”  Felicity asked
	“Are you guys hungry?”
	“Not quite yet,” Sara said.  “We could swing by your store Em.”
	“Ughh, I've got to work tomorrow, and would rather not have to see it until then.”
	“I've got a return to make at the video game store,” Felicity offered.
	“Okay, lets head that way.”  The girls walked down the mall, and as they walked, the bulge in Sara's pants got less and less noticeable as the fabric smeared the small mound around on her butt and between her legs.  Fortunately for her the thickness of her panties and of the denim was eough to prevent a brown spot from appearing.  Sara smiled as she walked, enjoying the lubed sensation of her poo covered butt and thighs.  
	“I didn't know you were a gamer.” Emily  said as they walked.
	“I'm not sure I'd call myself that,” Felicity said, “but I do like to play.  Mostly role playing games.”
	“I do too!” Sara said excitedly.  “Although since I met this one,” she said, indicating Emily, “I've not had much time to play.”
	“would you rather be playing a video game then spending time with me?”  Emily asked with fake hurt in her voice.
	“of course not sweetie,” Sara said, squeezing Emily's hand tight.  “Perhaps we could play together?  I bet we could come up with a way to make it fun for everyone!”
	“How about tomorrow night?”  Felicity asked  before turning red.  She hoped that she didn't sound too excited, as she didn't' want to scare her new friends off.
	“I've got to work tomorrow.” Emily said with real disappointment.  “what about the day after.”
	“Works for me!” Sara said.
	“Me too!” Felicity cried.
	“Okay, then it is a date.”  Emily smiled and squeezed Sara's hand.  They got to the video game store and spent a few minutes browsing the used section until they found a game they could all agree upon and play together.  Felicity offered to buy it so she took it to the counter while the other two girls waited by the door.  When Felicitys turn at the counter came, she glanced back to see if Sara and Emily were watching, and she gave them a wink.  Felicity widened her stance at the counter a bit and bent over slightly so that her elbows were resting on the counter.  She flushed a little as she noticed the store clerk, a pimply red haired kid, take in her cleavage, which, leaned over as she was, was on full display, practically spilling out of her low cut tank top.  
	The clerk's ogling was interrupted by the sound of a loud fart.  He resumed scanning the return and finding the correct discs for the purchase while Felicity now turned bright red.  She had been attempting to let some poop into her panties and did not intend to make such noise while doing so.  She could hear Emily and Sara laughing in the front of the store and she could not bring herself to look back.  She bit her lip and pushed again as the clerk turned around to find the game disc in the large filing cabinet.  A large brown turd pushed open her sphincter and shot into her panties.  She stopped pushing when she felt her sphincter close.  She could feel the 4 inch poop settle in the back of her panties, nestled between her cheeks.  It was short, but it was fairly solid and wide.  She glanced behind her and, noting that Sara and Emily were the only two people in the store, she flipped up the back of her skirt, flashing her panties at them.  She heard a gasp and smiled to herself confidently.  As she finished paying she became distinctly aware of the wetness forming between her legs.  She had only ever fantasized about this and now she had actually pooped  in her panties in public, the danger,  the naughtiness of it was driving her crazy.  If she slipped her hand down the front of her panties and so much as brushed her clit she was sure she would erupt in the most fantastic orgasm she had ever had.
	“Miss?  Miss?”  The clerk repeated himself.  Felicity suddenly came back into the world and saw that he was trying to hand her the bag with her new game in it.  
	“Thanks,” She managed, taking the bag and turning.  As she walked out, she could feel the poo nestled between her buttocks and it felt amazingly naughty and delicious at the same time.  She got back to her friends who were both smiling.
	“Well done,” Emily congratulated her.
	“I almost died of embarrassment when I farted.” Felicity admitted.
	“Did you see the look on the clerk's face?  It was priceless.”
	“Well, that's four points for Felicity.”  Sara commented.
	“Where to next?” Felicity asked eagerly.  The thrill of the naughty game they were playing had now taken her and she couldn't wait to see what happened next.
