Entry tags: 

a thousand touches, a thousand whispers, char and brie, sam/dean, slash

[Slash] A Thousand Whispers 04/04 - Sam/Dean 

Title: A Thousand Whispers 04
Authors: Charlotte and Miss. Brie
Pairing: Sam/Dean
Rating/Warnings: NC-17, 
Disclaimer: Kripke's boys, not ours, even if we want them to be.
Summary: Sam and Dean from "A Thousand Touches" are back in this sequel. Time has passed; the boys are still hunting together and growing impossibly closer. An accident changes things for both of them bringing about challenges and feelings they'd never thought they'd face.

Master Post

Waking up was great until Sam and Dean were slammed with the reality of an early surgery. There were several problems with the early morning appointment not the least of which was the fact that Dean couldn't have any coffee or breakfast. Sam moved quickly, trying to stay close to his brother and out of Dean's way at the same time; it was a technique he'd mastered over the years. John knocked at their door just as Dean was coming out of the shower and Sam shot him a be careful look from under raised eyebrows.

They made it to the hospital right on time and Dean was ushered to a bay in a pre-surgical ward. Sam was by his side, the Doctors words jumbling around in his head as the procedure was explained to them one final time. All Sam focused on was the fact that Dean's fingers had searched about on the edge of the bed until Sam had grabbed them. Still here. Sam managed to tease Dean about his blue hospital cap and the blue booties they put on his feet but he made sure that his brother's ass wasn't visible through the back of the gown. After all, he assured Dean, there were a lot of hot orderlies and nurses. When the E.R. nurse arrived to escort Dean to the operating room she commented that she'd never seen so much smiling in pre-op before.

Sam's smile faded a little now the time had come for Dean to leave. He glanced up at the nurse shyly and leaned down to press his lips to Dean's. Their mouths moved together for a few slow, delicious moments then Sam pressed his forehead to his brother's, hand pressed over Dean's heart I love you and whispered, "see you soon."

Dean's heart was hammering so hard he was just glad he hadn't been hooked up to a machine yet, otherwise he might break the thing or something. And he felt a little like he was going to be sick. "Sammy," he swallowed hard and laid his hand over Sam's on his chest. "Love you 'kay?" He whispered, wetting his lips nervously.

"I know." Sam kissed him once more and stepped back, running a hand nervously through his hair.

Dean wished he could turn around and look at his brother as the nurse led him in back, small hand on his arm. "You're boyfriend is really cute," she said with a soft giggle that had Dean grinning despite his nerves.

If he wasn't about to go into surgery - and if he could fucking see the look on her face - he might have responded with something like, actually he's my brother. Instead he simply nodded and murmured, "yeah. I can't wait to see him again."

"Soon enough," she ensured quietly and helped him down onto a bed, guiding him with a hand until he lay flat on the stiff operating bed. "So as we've explained, you have to be awake for the surgery but we'll use clamps to keep your eyes open and we'll be putting a heavy pain medicine in your IV. It's probably going to make you feel a little... well... crazy, but in a pleasant, everything is feeling good way."

Dean clenched his jaw around a smile and nodded. He appreciated the nurse's attempts at calming him and wondered if his stiff body was giving away his nerves. People moved around him, hooking him up to machines, needle sliding into his arm, oxygen mask placed over his mouth and nose. Dean's panic began to rise again, thoughts exploding in his mind one right after another. What if something goes wrong? What if I never see again? What if I die? Then the medicine kicked in and the doctor was talking to him but Dean couldn't make much sense of the words. Even when he was certain the surgery was beginning, he couldn't feel a thing, and that was at least one minor relief. Not that he cared much about anything by that point.

Sam paced.

John tried to read a newspaper but ended up tossing it on the seat beside him.

After about twenty minutes Sam sank to the edge of the seat in the chair beside his father and asked if the clock on the wall was working. He had never felt time go so slowly before in his entire life. After the first ten minutes Sam gave up trying to figure out what would be happening to Dean because it just made him feel like he needed to throw up or run. Run? Run where - there was no way he was going to leave the hospital.

After half an hour of watching Sam fidget and fuss John went to get them coffee and something to eat from the cafeteria. He was quite sure that coffee wasn't the best idea considering how strung out Sam was but John wasn't all that schooled in the art of comforting his adult sons. Sam took the coffee and sipped at it but didn't eat. It wasn't until John started asking about the last few years, wanting stories from Sam about his life with Dean that the time seemed to start moving again at a normal speed. Sam even smiled, telling their father about some of their funnier hunts, mishaps, little things that only Dean would know.

Sam paced some more.

After about two hours Sam blurted out his frustration at a procedure that could take as long as four hours. John nodded and went to check with the nurse's station. There was no news yet, John had known there wouldn't be but it wasn't a Winchester trait to be able to sit around indefinitely doing nothing.

When the doctor finally came through the hallway doors John and Sam were on their feet instantly.

"So, everything went really well," the doctor smiled at them both, leafing through the file in his hand. "David did fantastic though it went a little longer than we'd expected. But, everything is back in its place. He has bandages on now and he'll have to keep those on for at least forty eight hours but after that he can go back to things as usual. Just make sure he takes it easy, doesn't try to strain himself with seeing things as his vision returns. And he should be wearing sunglasses out in the daylight just to be safe. No more sealing roof tops at night time," the doctor's smile widened and he flipped the file closed, looking at both John and Sam in turn. "Any questions for me?"

"Can he see?" Sam glanced at his father, "I mean ... when will we know?" Rolling his bottom lip into his mouth Sam looked down into the Doctor's eyes.

"Well everything has been reattached so his vision should be returning in the next two to three weeks. I'd say if he can't see anything by week three you probably want to come back in, let me take a look and see what's going on," the doctor stepped forward and laid a hand on Sam's shoulder. "But I don't see any reason why that should happen. He'll be back to normal before you know it."

"I wanna see him," Sam glanced at John again when the oldest Winchester squeezed his arm, "I mean, when... can I?" He wouldn't believe completely that Dean was okay until he could see him with his own eyes, touch him.

"They're just moving him into recovery; I'll send a nurse out to get you as soon as he's ready." The doctor nodded and gave them another smile, stepping back. "Just to warn you, we had him on a different sort of pain medicine for the surgery, so he may be a little out of it. As I spoke with him earlier he was going on about Ghouls, so..." the doctor chuckled softly and held out his hand to John to shake and then Sam. "You still have my card if you have any questions or concerns."

Smirking, Sam glanced over at his father and then back to the Doctor, "Thank you."

By the time the nurse came to get them, John had managed to convince his youngest to actually eat one of the sandwiches that he'd bought. The nurse had a bit of trouble keeping Sam behind her as she tried to lead them down the hall to the recovery room. Sam moved quickly into the room and slid to a halt by Dean's side. There was oxygen hooked under Dean's nose, an IV in his arm and his eyes were bandaged. Sam reached out and touched Dean's cheek lightly, "hey you," he murmured.

John moved to the other side of the gurney and watched Dean's face for signs that he was awake.

"Sammmmy," Dean murmured, turning into the touch and nuzzling softly. "There's something... on my... face..." he said slowly and lifted a hand up to touch the bandages over his eyes. Everything felt oddly fuzzy, and lifting his arm took actual effort. But Sam was there, which was really good.

Laughing softly Sam caught his brother's hand and pressed it back down on his chest. "Bandages, Dean. Surgery remember?" Sam reached back with his foot, hooked it round the leg of a chair and pulled it over so he could sit down. He rested his chin on Dean's hand and smiled up at his brother. "How you feeling?"

Dean swallowed a few times and rolled slightly on the mattress. The sheets were cool against his skin and he sighed softly, tilting his head to the side, "mm I think someone... poisoned my coffee. Hey! Is dad... dad is..." Dean trailed off, losing his train of thought as the medicines pumping through his system intensified.

John reached and gripped Dean's shoulder, "I'm right here, son." John stifled a laugh, "no one poisoned you, it's the drugs from surgery."

"Hey Dean, I'm the most awesome little brother right?" Sam kissed the back of Dean's hand. He grinned; feeling like a huge weight had been lifted off his shoulders.

Dean's hand tingled pleasantly under Sam's lips and he smiled sleepily, humming once more. "S'true Sammy. You're super. Awesome. Mm I want pie, can I eat something... hungry..." his free hand slid to the side where he knew his dad was.

John laughed and grabbed Dean's hand, "as much pie as you want, soon as we're allowed to take you out of here." His eyes crinkled as he glanced over at Sam.

"Cherry pie," Sam whispered.

"Cherry pie," Dean repeated and nodded slowly, squeezing the two hands held in his. "Then... to Kansas... hey Sammy," Dean's head fell to the side, hand tugging against his for a minute. "I totally love you man," he mumbled, wetting his lips and breaking off halfway through as a yawn stretched his mouth open.

"Gonna check with the nurse, or," John looked around, "someone. Find out when we can bust you outta here, son." He nodded at Sam and disappeared around the corner.

Sam sat up closer to the bed so he could press his lips to the corner of Dean's mouth. "Missed you," he whispered and grinned. One hurdle passed. "Gonna take you back to the Motel soon, 'kay?" He just wanted to get Dean comfortable, settled, and curl up next to him and finally sleep properly.

"Mmkay," Dean mumbled, turning into the kiss. "Research?" He asked with a faint grin free hand lifting to graze along the bandages covering his eyes.

Sam grabbed Dean's hand again, stopped him from fussing with the bandages. "I think, maybe no research tonight," Sam actually blushed which made the grin spread wider across his face. "You need to rest. Gotta get you better."

"Okay, son. When you're acting a little more normal we can take you outta here." John lifted his eyebrows at Sam and shrugged.

"M'plenty normal actin'," Dean pushed up from the bed slightly. "Less go now kay? Not gonna rest here," he leaned toward his brother, trying to get him to help him out of the bed. "Please? Ya know how... hospitals suck."

"I know, just a few more minutes." Sam pressed his brother gently back down onto the bed and glanced over at John.

Glancing around, John made sure no one was near enough to hear him use his son's real name. "Dean, you settle down a bit longer, you hear me?" Looking over at Sam he nodded, "M'gonna go see how to sign him out."

Dean sighed and shifted back on the bed. He still felt pleasantly tingly and fuzzy but Dean felt pretty damn aware of things. Like the knowledge that he'd just had doctors prodding around inside his eyeballs. "Hey," he reached out for his brother again, head tilting his way. "How'd it... I... when can I see again?" Dean slid his lips together slowly, working the small amount of saliva in his mouth over the flesh.

Reaching for the glass of ice chips Sam picked some out with his fingers and rubbed the ice along Dean's lips then slid the ice into his brother's mouth. "We gotta keep the bandages on for forty-eight hours, then... we'll have to wait...your eyes need time to heal." Sam frowned rubbing his arm down Dean's chest. It smelled all wrong, iodine, cleaners - he just wanted to get his brother out of there.

"'Kay," Dean mumbled around the ice before sealing his lips closed to suck on the cube. A wave of exhaustion coursed through Dean but he didn't want to sleep here, he wanted to lie in Sam's arms. "Wanna... sleep with you..." he whispered, scooting along the bed slightly.

"Oh don't worry, m'not leavin' here without you." Sam slid his arm over Dean's chest and rested his chin back on Dean's arm. "Besides, they won't wanna keep you 'cause they'd have to keep me and Dad too." Sam smiled, tilting his head down to kiss Dean's arm.

It took about three hours for them to get Dean out of the hospital, the nurse insisting on have a few hours of good vitals before releasing his papers. Dean mostly slept and babbled on about whatever random subject sparked up in his mind. Sam stuck dutifully beside him, as did John though he chose to sit in the seat across the far side of the room, there if he was needed. It was a true sign how comfortable they'd all become with each other when John didn't so much as bat an eye at the way Sam's lips rested against Dean's hand for most of the time.

When they were allowed to go Dean was pushed out in a wheel chair, even though he insisted he was more than capable of walking. Sam let their dad drive in favour of sitting in back with Dean, letting his brother lay heavily against his side, smiling at the way he hummed his way through half an ACDC CD. Dean was mostly passed out by the time they arrived at the motel so Sam needed their dad's help in pull him out from the back seat and guide him inside.

Dean sighed heavily as they gently laid him down on the bed, flopping onto his back and lifting his arm to lay over his bandages. "Pie now?" He mumbled, feeling as if he deserved some sort of reward for this whole ordeal. "And medicine," he added and swallowed thickly. "And beer," a small smile worked on his lips, wondering how many of his request he'd actually be allowed to have.

Shaking his head John moved back toward the door, "I'll go fill the prescription and get pie. There will be no beer, Dean." He used his command voice but it only made Sam laugh because Dean waved his hand dismissively in the general direction of his Dad's voice.

Once the door clicked shut behind their father Sam kneeled beside his brother on the bed, "you okay in your clothes?" He smoothed Dean's hair back from the bandages. It was so strange to see his brother's face half covered with bandages, his freckles stood out against the white of the gauze and it was hard to tell what Dean was thinking.

"Shoes," Dean kicked his legs up, too lazy to try and pull them up.

Chuckling softly, Sam moved to the bottom of the bed and tugged his brother's shoes off then slipped them under the bed ... just in case Dean decided to try and make a break for it at any point. "Okay Princess, you need anything other than me?" Sam's fingers rested on Dean's shoulder.

"Mm no, just you," Dean murmured and stretched his arms up to slide around Sam's body, pulling him down. He shifted his body up the bed slightly until his head settled on the pillow, soft sigh falling from his lips. "Nap. I need that," he added softly and tugged on Sam to pull him close.

Sam was quite happy to just lie there, curled up against Dean, running his fingers over Dean's hair. Quite happy.

Dean slept mostly through the first day, post hospital, and was only vaguely aware when Sam and John gathered up the stuff and packed up their vehicles. They helped him into the passenger seat at some point and the moment Sam was revving the engine Dean was slumping over onto his side. He knew Sam didn't mind and he couldn't help smiling softly, curling an arm around his leg. They hadn't said much to each other since he'd returned from the hospital but there was a comfortable sort of peace blanketing over them. Dean felt relaxed, hopeful, he knew the surgery was over and that calmed him almost as much as his brother's presence.

The pain medicine pretty much drained Dean of all energy to do much outside of sleep which was fine because they were driving. They stopped only when necessary, not bothering with a motel for the night. So by the time they arrived at John's place a good seventeen hours later, Sam was just as tired as Dean seemed to constantly be. The moment they stepped inside their dad's place they headed for the bedroom, both ready to spread out on the mattress in the guest room.

When Dean woke the next day he sat on the edge of the mattress, waiting for Sam to wake up, desperate to know if he could take the bandages off. He had no concept of time, hadn't really now for almost two weeks, and he was more than ready to be past this. Some part of him knew he wouldn't just magically be able to see after his bandages were removed but they were starting to irritate his skin. And every little step forward counted.

Groaning, Sam's arm reached out to pat the bed beside him, "Dean?" His fingers finally found his brother's back and he hooked them over the top of Dean's boxers. "Git back here, sleep more." Tugging gently he scooted closer to his brother's warmth.

"I wanna take the bandages off," Dean murmured, turning on the bed to reach out for his brother. "Can you... is it time? Can you do that?" His fingers lifted up to graze along the bandages.

"Okay," Sam shifted back a little, "lie down again, gimme a minute to wake up, you want me to do it here? Just you and me?" Sam smiled - a gentle expression of hope on his face.

"Yeah, just you and me," Dean said softly, settling back down on the bed. "Is it... what time is it? I mean, I think it probably shouldn't be too bright in here, to be safe," he blew out a long exhale, telling himself to not get too over hyped. It would be easy to get his hopes up and that couldn't happen, especially since he wasn't likely to be seeing anything real well any time soon.

"Dean, relax, the curtains are pulled. It's still quite dim in here." Sam's hands moved over his brother's face gently as though he could smooth away the worry. Rolling so he was lying partially across Dean's chest Sam smiled. "You ready?" His fingers settled at the edge of the bandages.

"Yeah," Dean pursed his lips and reached out to lay his hand on Sam's arm. "You know I... I won't be able to see right away right?" He sucked in a quick breath, heart fluttering nervously.

"I know ... it's gonna take a while. The doctor said you might be able to see a bit of light, something like that." Sam's fingers started to pull up the surgical tape at the sides of the bandages, "it's not a big deal if there's nothing." He took a deep breath trying to steady his hands. The bandages weren't too difficult to remove, they'd been on for a couple of days and the tape wasn't as sticky as when Dean first got them. "Okay..." Sam hesitated for a moment then lifted the bandages. Dean's eyes were swollen, a little crusty, red where the bandages had been and he looked more like he'd been in a bar brawl than surgery.

"Do I look like shit?" Dean mumbled, hand lifting to touched the tender flesh. He wouldn't admit it to Sam out loud but he was a little bit scared to open his eyes. "Should I... maybe you could get me a wet rag or something?" He dragged his tongue across his lips, biting down after moment.

"You just look like I punched you in the nose," Sam tried to sound like he was smiling even though his nerves were getting the better of him. "Just hang on." He slipped out of bed and darted across the hall into the bathroom, returning quickly with a damp wash cloth and Gloria's mirror Sam settled back on the bed. Without waiting for Dean to ask he wiped at Dean's eyes, cleaning them as gently as he could. "Nice to see your face again," he murmured in between strokes. Once he thought he had Dean looking as fresh-faced as possible he tossed the washcloth on the floor and lay back across his brother's chest. "Okay, no more excuses."

Dean swallowed once more and nodded, breathing deeply before slowly lifting his eye lids. There really wasn't anything, just that familiar darkness he'd gotten kind of used to in the past couple of weeks. Dean sighed softly and blinked a few times, turning toward the weight of his brother. As his eyes moved something seemed to blur along the edges, the vaguest whisper of light, "I... I think I saw some light but it's gone now," he said softly, eyes drifting in circles in attempts to bring the flash of light back.

"It's okay, don't strain." Sam's hands continued to move over his brother's cheeks softly. "You've had your eyes closed for days; you remember how it feels when you first wake up in the morning? How hard it is to see? This is the same." He pressed his lips to Dean's, gazing into his brother's eyes, "it's really dark in here too." Of course, Sam had hoped for Dean being able to see him, that's what had been in his heart but the rational part of his mind, knew that wasn't going to happen.

Dean sighed and leaned into Sam's touch. "No miracle fixes..." he said softly and sat up, rubbing at the sensitive skin along his eyes, pushing toward the edge of the mattress. "I think I'm gonna go shower..." Dean tried to push back the swirl of sadness that swept up in him. Time he knew it wasn't going to be an instant thing but Jesus he missed his brothers face. Dean stood slowly, heart sinking as he realized he had to completely learn a whole new room and there was only a vague whisper of an idea of how the room looked.

"Do you mind if I come with?" Sam's voice was a little strained. There was no doubt that Dean was a little rattled by not seeing anything. Sam could see it - see the tension in his brother's back. "Please?"

If Dean where in just a slightly worse state of mind he probably would have said no. But, as usual, he needed Sam. And the idea of trying to figure everything out alone and still in the dark was too overwhelming. He couldn't get himself to say those things though. Instead he just held out his hand, a silent invitation, head dropping down.

Slipping his palm across his brother's Sam let Dean pull him up and then paced slightly ahead of him across the hall to the bathroom. Closing and locking the door Sam brushed past Dean and turned the tap on; making sure the water was nice and hot. "You know, Dean..." Sam stepped closer, fingers sliding under the waistband of his brother's boxers, "you're going to see again." He pushed Dean's boxers down until he could step out of them.

"I know," Dean said softly, resting his hands on Sam's shoulders softly. "It's just... tiring. All this darkness... not seeing you... remember when you mentioned the stars the other night? I swear to god when I get my eyesight back we're going to sleep under the stars just so I can stare at them," he smiled softly and blinked his eyes a few times, chasing another flicker of almost light just out of his line of sight.

"Did you see something?" Sam watched Dean's eyes move as though they had purpose and felt a little flare of hope.

"Just another flicker of light," Dean shrugged and stepped forward to lean against Sam's chest. "It's gonna be a long couple of weeks."

"Shower," Sam shifted the curtain back and stepped in to the tub. He grabbed Dean's hand and waited for his brother to climb in too. Showers were great, showers with Dean were one of Sam's favourite things. Soaping up his hands he started washing his brother's shoulders and chest. "I think I'm gonna like staying here for a bit. Been looking forward to seeing Dad. Gloria seems nice." Sam's eyes widened a little and he blinked a few times when he realized that, for him that had amounted to babbling.

Dean's eyebrow arched slightly, slight smile on his face. "Yeah, it'll be nice to meet her, see what they're like together. It's weird... thinking about him with a girlfriend," Dean leaned slightly back into Sam's touch with a faint chuckle. "Do you... ever think about having a home like this? With a real job?" Dean had been thinking about the idea for awhile no, just waiting for the right time to talk to Sam about, to make sure he was happy where he was.

"Well," Sam took a moment to lather up his own chest so that he could slide his body back and forth against his brother's back. "My home ... is anywhere you are. I like our life but... sometimes... I mean." Sam leaned his chin on Dean's shoulder as he thought, hands moving over Dean's belly. "I'd like a dog. I want a dog. Can't have a dog in the car. Well, not in motels all the time." He huffed out a breath and tapped Dean's arm, "turn around."

Turning toward Sam, Dean tilted his head back and wet his lips, enjoying the feel of Sam's hands over him. His own hands rose to lie on Sam's body, massaging softly. "You know... if you wanted... I'd be okay with that. Getting a place, around here or something. We could still hunt; maybe we'd go once every few months or something... I just..." Dean frowned and scratched the side of his neck. "Getting hurt like this really got me thinking about things. If it had been you in this place, I'd... it wouldn't even be a question. I wouldn't want your life at risk like that again. But your life is at risk, and this could have happened to you, just as easily. I'm not so sure anymore if I can just be okay with taking those changes again."

"Both of us... worth the same." Sam slipped down to kneel in the tub and rubbed the bar of soap on Dean's thigh and worked his way down his leg. "So - you'd like to settle a bit?" He looked up, blinking as the water sprayed across his face. There were times when Sam would love a home, a place to have things. All those things that other people take for granted, their own TV and a couch - God a couch that no one else had sat on. Sam thought about a nice big bed with crisp white sheets and a big fluffy down comforter. "And I'd like a big fluffy quilt," he mumbled.

Dean blinked, caught a flicker of light and blinked again. It was gone just as quick but it was the third something after so much darkness so that was progress he supposed. "A big fluffy quilt huh?" Dean smiled softly and reached out until he could touch Sam's hair. If he were honest, the last couple weeks hadn't been so bad - minus the no eyesight thing. Just hanging out with the dad, not worrying about supernatural creatures, enjoying things like fishing and beating their dad at poker. "So... maybe we can try it. I... I'm sure we could find jobs. Dad did it, gave up hunting..." he moved slightly up into Sam's thighs, feeling the strangest sort of relief floating through him. It would be nice to not have to worry all the time that something bad might happen and the more he considered the possibility, the better it sounded.

Sam stood up again, groaning, "I'm gettin' old." His nose wrinkled as he laughed quietly, "so can I get a dog?" He pressed his lips to Dean's, slipping his tongue forward to sweep across his brother's lips. When Dean started to answer, Sam parted his lips and pressed into Dean's mouth. Slow movements, tongues pushing then retreating, they kissed until Sam was panting softly under the sound of the rushing water. "So... can I?"

"Yeah and a big fluffy quilt," Dean chuckled and pressed back into Sam, using his hands on Sam's jaw to hold him firmly in place and kiss him hard. His hands slid down Sam's neck, shoulders, arms until he could grasp the soap in Sam's hands. Dean slid his tongue forward to sweep along the inside of Sam's mouth as he rubbed the soap in small circles along his brother's chest, covering every inch of him. He moaned into the kiss and pressed forward to rub their soapy bodies together as his hands slid around to Sam's back, continuing the circles. A small noise of encouragement fell from Sam's lips as his hands dipped down to ass, massaging the soap into the firm flesh, squeezing roughly, fingers trailing along the crack. Dean dropped the soap so he had both hands free to slide around to Sam's hips, working through the curls and dipping low to massage low between his legs.

It always felt so different, sliding together, soapy and slick. Sometimes, it felt as though they simply had to keep moving because they couldn't hold on to each other. Sam twisted his hips from side to side, loving the way their bodies moved. Sam's lips broke from Dean's as he dipped his head down to drag his tongue down his brother's neck; sun-kissed skin, rough then smooth, scarred then perfect, Dean. Running his parted lips along Dean's collar bone, Sam pressed up hard against his brother's body. "Can I..." teeth caught the flesh on Dean's neck, "have two dogs?" Straightening, Sam let his tongue trace the edge of Dean's ear.

"We'll... see..." Dean said through a soft moan, body pushing forward into Sam then pulling him back so they could both step under the spray. "Maybe... I'll get a dog. Then we'll have two..." he grinned and pushed Sam against the wall, hands dragging along his skin. "I'm gonna get a toy poodle. Name it Fluff Ball or something," he laughed at this, trailing off into a soft moan as their cocks brushed together, soapy and slick.

"Hmmm," Sam's hand squeezed in between them, long fingers curling around both their cocks, "Fluff ball... gay" he whispered as his hand stroked up slowly. Letting his head fall back against the tiled wall he hummed happily and curved his free hand over his brother's hip. Sam wondered briefly if they were using up all the hot water then quickly decided as his hand stroked down - that it would be worth getting grief from their Dad.

"And I..." Dean moaned softly and rocked up into Sam's hand. "Am totally not gay." He grinned as his head dipped forward to rest in the crook of Sam's neck, breathing in the smell of water and his brother, mixed together in his senses. His hand dropped down to massage along Sam's balls, working the flesh slowly between his fingers. He couldn't get his hips to stop moving up into Sam's touch, another moan falling from his mouth.

"Don't care ..." Sam sucked a bruise onto Dean's neck then worked his way back up to his brother's mouth, "what you are..." He licked Dean's mouth open, pushing, wanting - hand stroking harder and faster as Dean's hips rocked up into him. His hand sneaked around to Dean's ass, squeezing, rubbing, massaging then running down the cleft of his ass. "Could we..." panting, Sam rested his cheek against Dean's, hand working both their swollen shafts. "Bed... bed with a headboard... maybe you could..." Sam could feel himself blushing, heat creeping up his body.

Dean moaned low in his throat, trying to keep his voice quiet so their dad wouldn't hear in case he was awake and home. Dean still had no idea what time it was. "Y-yeah..." he murmured, pressing hard into Sam's body, hips jerking steadily. "So I can... tie you up," he grinned into Sam's neck and sucked hard on the skin, bringing blood to the surface. He nudged Sam's legs apart gently and prodded his finger down lower, massaging the puckered flesh with a still soap covered finger. "Handcuffs? Blindfold? Train your senses?" he murmured as his lips shifted up to press against Sam's ear.

Sam's entire body shuddered at the thought of being tied up by his brother, fingers stroking their cocks faster. "Fuck, I can't even..." his mind just stopped working, images of his brother controlling him pushing everything else out of his mind. "Hot..." Sam arched off the wall, shoving his hips forward against Dean's as he stroked harder, faster, "Dean..." He sucked his way down his brother's neck, leaving dots of bruising all the way down. The heat radiating out from his cock spread through his body quickly and Sam could feel his swollen balls drawing up as his body launched toward release.

"God Sam," Dean groaned as his body rolled into Sam's, trying to get as close as possible. Everything in him was tingling pleasantly and his knees threatened to give out a moment before everything in him tightened. His hands lifted to wrap around Sam's neck and slam their lips together, moaning into the kiss loudly as his orgasm tore through him. He could feel the heat splash up against his body, tongue sliding forward to circle swiftly along his brother's.

Dean's cry was muffled by Dean's mouth, he came long and hard sliding down the wall slightly until Dean caught him. Cocks throbbing and pulsing together, Sam moaned again, hands suddenly needing to be everywhere on Dean's body. "How... " Sam's eyes fluttered closed as he tried to breath, "how do you still make me feel..." words failed him and he simply fell against his brother's body.

With a soft hum Dean smiled and brushed his forehead along Sam's. "Well... you pretty much always blow my mind..." he chuckled and stepped back, pulling Sam under the spray with him. "I think it's always gonna be that way, no one could ever compare," he said softly as he ducked his head under the spray.

Tipping his face up into the water Sam shook his head, letting his hair stick to his cheeks and forehead. "Dad's gonna kill us," he grinned, "hot water."

"Maybe we should get out," Dean nodded and laughed softly. "Maybe he's not up yet and we can pretend like we have no idea why there's no hot water." He stepped back, letting Sam turn off the shower and help him out. They towelled off quickly and tucked individual towels around their waists. Sam checked the hallway before they darted across to the room, giggling like they were little kids all over again.

The hardest thing about the days following their arrival at their dad's was the little flickers of light that occasionally penetrated Dean's vision. They'd arrive so quickly and be gone in a blink and that spark of hope in Dean always flared only to be snuffed out. It made him a little more irritable then usual and there were several occasions where he almost lost his temper with both their dad and Sam. The men were remarkably patient though, knowing him well enough to sense when his mood was taking a turn for the worse. Sam did his best to reassure him, using gentle touches and quiet words. Sometimes Dean hovered right by his side to feel reassured, other times he sat on the front step and listened to the wind and quiet noises of the neighbourhood, wearing sunglasses at Sam's insistence.

They talked to their dad about their plans to stay around for awhile, settle down for a bit, five days post surgery. Even though Dean couldn't see his face, he could tell the man was pleased with the decision. He'd never press them into anything, he'd learned his mistake there, but Dean knew the man had to feel comforted by the idea. Sam was so outrageously excited about the whole thing he took to dragging Dean to the library so they could sit by the newspapers and computers and Sam could read off information about job openings and places for rent. Dean couldn't help chuckling whenever Sam would spot something and lean over to whisper excitedly toward him. Like when he learned the library they were so often at was hiring. It seemed like the perfect position for Sam, who still wasn't one hundred percent comfortable talking to random strangers.

One week post surgery Dean's vision shifted. There was still a large circle of black but he could see things just along the edges. It was almost more irritating then the flashes of light because he couldn't focus in on things no matter how hard he tried. But every now and then he'd get just the glimpse of his brother's face and it made everything okay for awhile. John joined Dean outside after dinner one night while Sam was doing the dishes, pressing a beer into his palm and sitting close enough to feel the slight heat of his presence. Dean thought they might just sit in silence, enjoy the fact that they could be around each other without snapping, but then his dad mentioned a guy at his work that was moving in the next month and the fact that they'd need an extra pair of hands.

It took Dean a few minutes to get his throat to work enough to grunt out a quiet, "that'd be good," and even then he had to push up from the step and head inside, hand clapping down on his dad's shoulder in passing. Sam was a little surprised by the tears in his eyes until Dean explained the reasoning softly and strong arms wrapped around him. He'd never be able to explain why it affected him so much but it did and he'd probably never be able to thank his father enough for everything he'd done for them. Despite the fact that Dean still couldn't see he was happier now than he had ever been, which was saying quite a bit.

Dean woke halfway through the second week post surgery and knew everything was different, before even opening his eyes. When he did, slowly, he could see the soft sunlight coming from the thick blinds covering the window. The room was slightly fuzzy, even when he rubbed curled fingers into his eyes, but it was there. Dean's heart lurched in his chest and he rolled along the mattress, nudging the still sleeping Sam until he fell onto his back.

"Oh..." he breathed softly, eyes sliding along Sam's face slowly. He hadn't changed at all, of course, but Dean found himself memorizing every little detail all over again. He shifted on the mattress to get comfortable, eyes never leaving Sam's features. Dean smiled gently as he extended his arm, fingers lying over Sam's heart, moving with the rise and fall of air leaving his lungs.

Yawning, Sam cracked an eye open, "hey," he murmured as he closed his eye again. Then something twigged in Sam's mind, the way those green eyes were looking at him. Looking at him. Afraid to open his eyes again, Sam took a deep breath. "Are you ...?" Voice cracking slightly Sam turned his face toward his brother's. "You looking at me?" His eyes open and he saw - clear as day - that Dean was looking at his face. "You're looking at me," he said again, lips twitching into a smile.

Dean matched Sam's smile easily and he reached out to touch his face softly. "Yeah. Still a little fuzzy but... yeah," he chuckled, heart fluttering once more at the happiness radiating off his brother. "This is going to sound lame but god I've missed you," he murmured and slid up so he was sitting, tugging Sam up into his lap even if his brother was all limbs and could barely fit.

Throwing his head back in laughter Sam grabbed Dean's cheeks and stared into his eyes. "God, that's..." He leaned forward and wrapped himself around his brother's body. "I ... this ... is the best news." Sighing into Dean's hair he sat back a little, hands clasped behind Dean's neck. "Can I stop talking now?" He winked, not even sure if Dean could see it.

"Hmm no I don't think you can, not if you're gonna be a workin' boy," Dean chuckled and slid his hands down Sam's body. His head turned slightly at the sound of a dish clattering in the kitchen. "I wanna go see dad before he leaves for work, let him know the good news, then I'm gonna come back and reacquaint myself with you," Dean grinned bright before dipping forward to brush their lips together.

"Okay," Sam flopped back onto the bed off his brother's lap. "M'not going anywhere." Sighing happily he watched Dean as he picked his jeans up and pulled them on then padded quietly over to the door. By himself. Tucking his hands under his head, Sam grinned.

Dean stood just inside the kitchen, small smile curling his lips up as he watched his dad move around the kitchen. He blinked a few times, instinctively trying to clear away the fuzz, before clearing his throat softly, "mornin'." He really was just as excited for his dad to know about his sight, in a lot different ways from Sam, because it meant they could finally get started living this new life they'd been talking about.

"Hey Dean," John rubbed at his eyes sleepily, "coffee's made -want some?" He glanced over his shoulder, frowned, did a double take then turned. "Where's Sam?"

"Still in bed, I... we're not getting up yet, just wanted to come say hi before you left for work," his smile grew, confirming the suspicion on his father's face by saying, "hey maybe you can invite Gloria to dinner tonight." Dean had put off meeting her, explaining that he didn't really want to feel uncomfortable the first time he met his dad's girlfriend.

"You..." John put his coffee cup down on the counter, "I'll be damned. Can you see?" He stepped closer to Dean and reached out his hand.

Dean grinned and stepped forward, catching his dad's hand in his and tugging him in for a tight hug. He didn't even care that he was still shirtless and it might otherwise be awkward and he had a pretty good hunch his dad didn't care either. "Yeah it's still fuzzy but no more black. It's fucking fantastic." He chuckled as he squeezed his dad once more before stepping back.

Tousling Dean's hair John laughed warmly against his son's neck. "That is the best news ...man..." he stood back shaking his head slowly with a huge smile on his face. "Gloria will love to come and meet you two. God..." He whacked Dean in the shoulder, "this is... this is great."

Dean couldn't recall ever seeing his father so happy and it made his grin only wider. "It is. It's really great. So you invite her, and Sam and I will have something cooking by the time you get home tonight," he nodded swiftly, stepping back toward the door. "Hey dad? Thanks for... you know... everything..." his smile softened slightly, eyes dropping to the ground for a moment before lifting back up.

"You're my son." John leaned back against the kitchen counter, "you're my oldest. Always a special place for you." He cleared his throat, "God... uh ... I should get to work. Good." He pushed off the counter. "Great... I'll - we'll see you tonight." He was still grinning as he walked out through the living room.

Dean swallowed a few times to gain some control over the swirl of emotions working through him before he turned and headed back to the hall to their bedroom. Sam was dozing off again and Dean grinned, shutting the door silently before slipping out of his jeans and boxers. He considered the long line of his brother body for a few minutes; head tilted to the side, heat swirling up in him, before he darted across the floor and nearly jumped on top of him. "Guess I'm gonna have to take it upon myself to wake you up properly," he chuckled, lifting up on his hands to stare down at Sam's face.

So, my name is Dean Winchester and I live in Kansas with my brother Sam. And technically my dad too but he lives ten minutes from us, gotta have some privacy after all, and trust me he's learned his lesson about coming over without calling first. We won't get into that though. Awhile ago I got hit on the head, some crazy fucked up thing and suddenly I was blind for more than a month. I learned a lot about myself during that time, which is probably why I'm writing this now. I meant to get around to it earlier but things have been pretty busy since we settled down here. Weird how a life that's not constantly spent on the road moving from place to place can be so busy.

Sam, my brother, lover, most important person ever, works at the library. He's kind of geek so it works for him. I make my living alongside my dad in the auto body shop. It's kind of fitting because my entire life my dad trained me to work the "family business" and here I am, working with him. Just not in the way I always thought I would be. I miss hunting sometimes, and I think I might have Sam look for a case, but it's kind of nice to be selfish. And it's more than nice to not be watching my back constantly, to go about my day and know I have something real and solid to come home too. Home. Yeah, that's pretty nice too.

We have a couple puppies, which we got literally two days after we moved into our new place, before we even had a couch. Sam was pretty eager about the whole thing. Sam's dog is Magneto - yeah, lame I know - and he's a German Sheppard - who struts around the place like he owns it. I picked out a mutt who'd been stuck in a cage with a bunch of yapping Chihuahua's, I felt too bad for the guy not too. He came with the name John but that was too weird so I renamed him Zeppelin. I call him Zepp but Sam calls him fluff ball. Which isn't funny. At. All.

Not that long ago Gloria moved in with my dad. She's sweet and funny and pretty perfect for him, as close as he'll get to it anyway. I don't think they'll ever get married because she could never be what my mom was to my dad but she doesn't seem to mind that much. She's even okay with the few pictures of my mom my dad has up, which gets her my approval even if she wasn't awesome.

Life is so much different than it was even six months ago. And mostly it's all awesome. Sam talks a lot more, and I think that had to do with my time spent without sight. He still has his moments where he just can't and I get that. And I don't mind either. I get Sam. I always have. And he gets me. We work that way, constantly move around each other in a familiar flow. I don't know if we'll stay in this place forever, but that doesn't bother me.

Because I know I'll be with Sam. And really? That's all that matters.

Master Post