Second Date
by Tweston

On their second date, she told him she was a nympho.

"Listen, this is our second date and I like you. You seem like a really nice guy, so maybe it is time to be completely honest with you. I am a slut. I love fucking and I love giving head and I love cum. Sometimes I act out in public, flashing people and especially flashing my date, and maybe even going a little farther than that. I thought I should tell you that before we have our third date." She hesitated before continuing. She almost felt afraid to tell him.

Shelly Bakersfield never felt embarrassed by what she believed was her true self. She was comfortable in herself and what she did. And the truth was, she loved her life and her lifestyle.

Shelly was an exhibitionist. She loved flashing people. No, actually, she felt compelled to flash people. And she loved sex. She loved it to the point of craving it, and she believed that a shrink would probably label her as a true nymphomaniac, if there really was such a clinical condition as nymphomania. But Shelly didn't care about labels. She just cared about being herself and enjoying sex in just about every manifestation she could think of. She was a true hedonist with a fixation on sexual expression. And she loved that about herself.

Shelly was a slut, and she was proud of it and comfortable with it.

But she was convinced that Eric would not understand. Eric Sheffield was about forty, and quite handsome. He was warm and friendly and polite and intelligent and funny -- just about everything that a typical woman could want in a man. He was tall, just over six feet tall. He had a muscular build, from what Shelly could see since he had so far kept his clothes on. He had to weigh two hundred pounds, and maybe more because of his muscles. He had auburn hair, brown mixed with a little red and just a touch of gray, and it was cut just over his ears on the side and touching his collar in back. His blue eyes were the warmest and brightest eyes she had ever seen. Smart, witty, charming and a true gentleman -- yes, everything a typical woman could want.

But Shelly was not a typical woman, and she was convinced that this wonderful man would not like the true Shelly. In fact, he would almost certainly not understand her at all, and would probably leave her alone in this restaurant if he were to discover who and what she really was.

When Shelly admitted to him that she was a slut, Eric dropped his eyes to her chest for only the second time that night. The first time was when he picked her up that night. He smiled widely and warmly, and then his eyes dropped to her chest and froze. But only for a moment before he retreated to his true nature as a gentleman. This time his eyes dropped to her cleavage and remained for several seconds.

Shelly was his age or slightly less. She was wearing a coral dress that was almost but not quite tight. It was a little stretched across her boobs, but only because they were fairly large. She was a D-Cup with prominent nipples, and she tended to show them off. Her dress was more loose-fitting around her waist, yet tight enough to show her waist to be slim. What he couldn't see under the dress was the six-pack she worked so hard to maintain. And her dress was a little tighter around her hips, showing a tight ass that moved wonderfully as she walked. The dress was only somewhat short, ending in the middle of her shapely thighs.

Her beautiful natural blonde hair contrasted beautifully with her coral dress, and her green eyes sparkled when she was excited. Her face was quite beautiful, something she thanked her mother for each Christmas when they talked on the phone.

Shelly was moderate in height, standing right at five feet and six inches tall, and she weighed exactly one hundred and twenty-five pounds, give or take a pizza or two. But what Eric's eyes had noticed was her neckline, and the cleavage it was showing off. Not as much cleavage as some of her dresses and blouses showed, but probably more than Eric expected. Her large and full boobs were almost half displayed, and they looked warm and soft and very kissable. And they felt even warmer as Eric stared at them. Shelly was not sure quite what to do so she just waited for him to speak. And when he finally did, he almost shocked her.

"Prove it." Her mouth opened in surprise, not sure she had heard him correctly.

"Excuse me?" He grinned at her.

"Prove that you are a flasher." Other than his smile, his face held no expression. She stared at him for a moment or two. Then she grabbed the neckline of her dress and pulled it down, exposing both of her breasts to his view. She held her pose for several seconds and then adjusted her top, covering her perfect breasts. Eric inhaled as if he had been holding his breath. Still with no expression on his face, his eyes continued to stare at her cleavage. After several seconds, he finally spoke.

"It is good that we are sitting at the back of the restaurant or they might have kicked us out for that. And that would have been terrible, because I was looking forward to having desert before we left." And still with no expression, he picked up his glass of wine and took a long sip.

Shelly was about to explode with exasperation. She had just bared her soul, confessing to sexual proclivities that would get her arrested if she was caught. And then she had bared her tits, something just might get them escorted to the front door by management. And yet he sat there quietly drinking his wine as if they were discussing the reflection of the mountains in a quiet pond in Montana, or something equally common and peaceful. She felt like getting up and stomping out the door. But she took a moment to calm herself and she had an idea. She smiled widely at him and asked a question in her best sweet and sexy voice.

"Would you like me to do it again?" Shelly waited for his response, certain that he would say something. And she was right. His face finally cracked a grin and he quietly chuckled.

"Honestly, I would love it. But I am certain management would kick us out this time, and I really was looking forward to having desert. They serve what might be the best Crème Brûlée in the state." Eric paused for a moment, and then grinned.

"On the other hand, from what I saw, it might be worth it." He paused for another moment and then continued.

"I have to confess, those were the most beautiful breasts with the most exciting nipples I have ever seen. I am not sure what to do for the moment." And he gave her the warmest smile she had ever seen from him. She returned his smile, but hers was more sardonic than caring.

"But a gentleman would never allow his date to flash an entire restaurant and get kicked out for it." She continued engaging his eyes and he chuckled.

"Sweet lady, you need to understand what it means to be a gentleman. A gentleman is not restrained in what he does, but in how he does it. A gentleman will always make his lady comfortable with her circumstances. He would not restrict what he does, only that what she does is of her own free will. Coercion and intimidation is never allowed to direct and control what she does. So if flashing a restaurant full of people is something you choose to do and you are not being coerced into doing it, then I will support you. In fact, I might even encourage you." Shelly stared at him for a moment, not quite believing what she was hearing. She almost expected him to scream and run away after she revealed herself to him, or flashed herself to him, and yet he was sitting there calmly telling her that he would support her as she flashed the room. What the fuck?

Shelly reached up and grabbed the neckline of her dress again and then paused. If what he just said was true, then Eric might just prove to be the best of all options -- a wonderful and caring and handsome man who would allow her to pursue her sexual urges. She stared at him for several seconds before sharing her surprise.

"So, in other words, if I were to flash you again, you would not mind it?" She continued staring at him in surprise, laced with more than a little hope.

For his part, Eric was both amazed and thrilled. First, exhibitionist porn is performed almost exclusively by women less than twenty-five years old. In the hundreds of exhibitionist videos he had viewed over the years, only two or three involved women older than twenty-five. Second, to find an older woman who shared his fascination with public nudity was an awesome discovery. And last, to find a woman her age as beautiful as she was who was into exhibitionism could only be described as a miracle. Eric looked at Shelly with new appreciation in his eyes, realizing that she excited him more than any other woman he had met. And, if things went well, he expected her to excite him even more. He grinned at her for a moment and then answered her question.

"Sweet lady, I cannot explain to you just how much that would turn me on." His grin contained all the hope she could imagine, plus a little tease. Shelly returned his grin, but hers sparkled with lust and excitement. She considered how she could excite him for more than a few seconds, and decided on a plan.

The host had seated them at the back of the restaurant and against the wall. Because of the seating, she faced the kitchen with the rest of the restaurant to her left or behind her. So she angled her shoulders toward the wall and pulled her top down to expose her right boob. Then she sipped her wine, acting as if everything was quite normal. Eric stared at her exposed boob and its large and very hard nipple for several seconds. Then, without a word, he picked up his glass and took another sip of wine.

"This really is excellent wine. What was the label? Honig? I will have to remember that, and order a case when I get home." He loved to sample wine when he was out to dinner, and when he found something he liked, he ordered a case of it when he got back home. And he decided this Savignon Blanc was worth a case. He sipped more of his wine and then held up the bottle for his server to see. She walked over to their table and immediately spotted Shelly's exposed breast. Her eyebrows reached into her hairline as she froze for a second. Then she spoke, acting like a woman baring her breast at one of her tables was quite normal.

"Do I take that as a request for another bottle?" As she asked the question of Eric, she filled Shelly's glass with what remained in the bottle. Eric nodded at her question.

"Yes, please. This wine is simply excellent." He smiled into her eyes, hoping she would just ignore Shelly, but she dropped her eyes to the naked boob. After staring at it for a couple more seconds with no expression, her eyes seemed to light up with total lust.

Eric continued to stare at her naked boob during the server's comments, feeling a tremendous urge to reach out and squeeze that tit, and maybe even pinch the nipple that was trying so hard to reach out to him. Finally, he had to grin and drop his eyes, which both women saw. Shelly decided to speak, but it was to the server.

"Finally! He was acting so straight that it was irritating. I mean, he must have shoved a stick waaay up his ass before he picked me up for dinner, so I decided to take that as a challenge. I decided to tease him so much he had to loosen up. And I think I just succeeded. What do you think? Did I distract him enough to loosen him up?" Her eyes were fixed on the server, hoping the comment served as explanation enough to keep the woman from reporting them. After a couple of seconds with her eyes still on the exposed boob, the server finally responded.

"If you keep your shoulders slanted toward the wall, you should be okay. The only people who might see you would be other servers as they enter and leave the kitchen, and they are all pretty cool about things. You wouldn't believe what we see late in the evenings. I guess people get a little frisky as they think about what might happen after dinner." And then she smiled down at Shelly, who quietly thanked her. With another glance at Shelly's breast, the server turned and walked away to get another bottle of Honig for them. Shelly almost stared at the woman's tight ass in her tight pants for another second before she finally raised her eyes to Eric's eyes. And the lust she saw there almost caused her to gasp. So, he really does like public flashing. Her silent comment actually filled her with excitement as she considered the rest of the evening. She took a moment to wonder how much was too much, and then she commented on the food and the wine.

"Yes, the wine is excellent. And the food was as excellent as the wine. But I would expect that from the reputation of this restaurant. In fact, I was thrilled when you suggested this place. I had been looking forward to coming here for several weeks, ever since my best friend came here for her wedding anniversary three months ago. She said this place is the best in town." She paused, an innocent smile on her face, proud that she could carry on a normal conversation with her right tit hanging out in the fresh air.

Just then a server exited the kitchen and headed for somewhere in the dining room, but froze when she spotted Shelly's exposed breast. The server stared for several seconds without saying a word, not even moving. She licked her lips very subtly, appearing as if it was an unconscious action, and Eric had to smother a grin. Then the server glanced up and into Shelly's eyes and smiled. A quick and subtle nod to Shelly seemed to break her statue-like pose and then she continued to a table on the other side of the restaurant. Shelly covered her mouth with her hand and giggled like a schoolgirl. Her eyes positively sparkled and Eric could see she really did get off on flashing others. Then he returned to her casual manner. And he responded in kind, sounding totally nonchalant.

"Yes, this is my fourth visit and I have been thrilled each time. The food, the wine, the atmosphere, the service -- everything here has convinced me that this is my new favorite restaurant." Shelly quickly nodded.

"I agree. It is now at the top of my list, too." And she smiled, approval showing in her eyes. They sipped their wine in silence until their server brought their desert selections. She again looked down at the naked breast that seemed to suck the air out of this end of the restaurant, and smiled widely. After laying the check between the two diners, Karen smiled down at the naked boob and spoke.

"Please feel free to take all the time you want. There is no rush for you to leave, I promise you. And as I said earlier, my name is Karen. Please let me know if there is anything else I can do for you." Eric thought it was obvious that Karen was speaking directly to Shelly, or at least to Shelly's boob, so he decided to let her respond to the obvious invitation. And Shelly had been staring back at Karen just as intensely, scrutinizing her figure as it was partially hidden by the tight black slacks and semi-sheer white button-down blouse that is the standard uniform for the servers here. After a couple of seconds of silence, she replied to the server.

"Karen, if there is any possibility of you serving us in any way tonight, I would definitely let you know. But for the moment, I think we are good." The two women shared a lustful gaze for another couple of seconds, and then they smiled one more time at each other before Karen turned away. Shelly glanced at her watch for a second and then smiled up at Eric.

"You know, I think I just set a record. I have been sitting here with my right boob on display for half an hour, and it has been an exciting half an hour." She grinned widely at him, her eyes sparkling with excitement. Eric had to chuckle at her comment.

"Yes, and I think that is a record for me, too. Sitting here staring at an absolutely perfect boob for half an hour without touching it. Definitely a record." And they both had to chuckle at his comment, while he decided he really loved the sparkle of excitement in her eyes.

"Plus, I think I have set another record. I have been sitting here with a hard-on for half an hour, and I haven't cum. I don't think I have been this hard for this long without someone or something making me cum. And I am not sure I like that." His face had a combination of lust and frustration that seemed almost comical to Shelly, but she worked hard at not laughing. She took a long sip of her wine and the last bite of her desert and then used her napkin to gently wipe her lips.

"Does that mean we need to take care of your boner before it begins to ache?" Her expression showed she was sincere but Eric detected excitement in her eyes. He had to chuckle at her question.

"Not here. That would definitely get us arrested. Or at least banned from my new favorite restaurant." He grinned at her and she had to reply.

"What? You don't want me to crawl under the table and give you head right here?" They both laughed quietly as they imagined her doing just that. And then Eric's eyes flashed as he had an idea. He dropped two hundreds on the table to cover their tab and tip and then stood. He quickly walked around the table and pulled out Shelly's chair, making it obviously he wanted them to leave. Shelly was more than a little disappointed because she wanted to get Karen's number before they left, but she decided to follow his lead. As they walked out of the restaurant, Eric pointed out the structure of the front entrance.

"I love the way they set this up. They have a crescent-shaped driveway leading from the parking lot to the front door and back to the parking lot so people can be dropped of close to the front door. And they have this expensive-looking awning covering the walkway leading from the crescent to the front door so people can stay dry in case it rains. And the crescent driveway and the walkway are bordered by this beautifully-manicured hedge that is just a little higher than my waist. Look. Let me show you something." And he took her by the hand and led her down the sidewalk and around the driveway to where the hedge began at the edge of the parking lot. Still leading her by the hand, he directed her along the hedge until they were standing halfway between the crescent and the front door. They were behind the hedge but where everyone coming and going would walk within four feet of them. And as Shelly stood there in the grass looking at him with question, she was shocked.

Eric stood there with eight inches of hard cock pointing directly at her.

Shelly quickly looked around and realized that no one in the driveway or on the sidewalk could actually see his cock. The hedge was trimmed about a foot higher than his cock. But even as she looked around, a party of two couples were moving along the sidewalk toward the front door just four feet away from them. And simple geometry suggested that a tall person just might be able to peer over the hedge and see his cock. She looked down at his boner and then up into his eyes. And then her eyes grew wide.

"You expect me to blow you right here?" Even as she objected, she felt her pussy leak some juices. Shelly stared at Eric, trying to disguise how much the idea of going down on him right here really turned her on but her eyes betrayed her.

"This is as public as one can get without actually being seen. You said you loved giving head and you loved doing it in public. Here is your chance to prove it." His grin is so wide it must hurt his face. She had to chuckle at her silent comment.

Shelley looked down at his very large and very hard cock, and it looked so delicious. Then she looked at the hedge again. And finally, she tried to casually glance at the people walking past on the sidewalk. Then she turned back to Eric, knowing that her pussy was positively drooling into her panties. She grinned at Eric and dropped to her knees, half aware of the couple walking within a few feet of her. And she grabbed his cock, plastering kisses all up and down the shaft.

It took less than a minute before she felt the familiar tingling, signaling that she was going to cum. She wasn't sure how long it would take to get there but the tingling indicated the approaching orgasm was going to be epic. By this time she had worked his cock deep into her throat with her nose pressed against his pubic hair. She developed a rhythm where she moved her head back and forth a couple inches several times, keeping his boner buried deep in her throat. Then she would pull back until only the head was in her mouth so she could breathe for a few seconds. Then she would repeat the pattern. And from his groans, this seemed to really turn him on. And every minute or so Eric would stop making noises and go completely silent, and she assumed that someone was walking by just a few feet away. She tried to grin every time this happened but his cock filled her mouth and stretched her lips too much for her to smile.

By this time, Eric was thrusting forward, face-fucking her almost viciously. Shelly knew that he was making too much noise to hide the fact that something was going on behind the hedge. And with his powerful pelvic thrusts moving his entire body, no one needed the grunts and groans to know that someone was having a blowjob in the bushes. Shelley was feverishly rubbing her juicy pussy through her panties and they were absolutely soaking wet from her actions. She was building to a crest when Eric gave a final groan and then exploded in her mouth.

It felt like gallons of hot and slimy cum flooded her mouth. She swallowed once to keep from letting some spill out of her mouth onto her dress, but that wasn't enough. She swallowed again even as she felt some leak out of the corner of her mouth. Finally she swallowed a third time to finish off his load. She pulled back to watch his dick slowly soften but was surprised when it remained hard.

"What the fuck, Eric? Can you cum again?" She looked up at him and watched as he slowly opened his eyes and smiled down at her.

"Yes, if I am turned on enough, I can usually cum twice fairly quickly." He grinned almost self-consciously and held her gaze for a couple seconds. Then he raised his eyes and smiled at someone walking by. After casually nodding and smiling for a few seconds, Eric dropped his eyes to Shelly, a happy and very appreciative grin on his face and in his eyes. She glanced at his hard cock again, thrilled by how long and how hard it was, and then she had an awesome idea.

"Okay, Eric, do you want me to stand and bend over or do you want me on my hands and knees?" He gave her a puzzled expression for a second and then his wide grin returned. He closely examined the hedge again.

"I think it would be safer for you to be on all fours and I hit you doggie. I think there would just be too much of us visible if we were standing. And believe me, if I am in the middle of fucking you, it is not wise to interrupt." His grin developed a little glint of steel and Shelley decided to take his word for it.

She grinned widely and then started to strip right there. Eric had not fucked in public enough to have thought about the logistics of it, and he felt stupid waiting for her to get naked. So he asked the logical question.

"Why don't you just drop to your knees and hike your skirt up?" She gave him a silly grin.

"Where's the fun in that?" And she dropped her dress to her waist and then past her hips to her ankles. Eric watched her hips as they wiggled and shifted until the dress fell free at her ankles. He grinned and had to admit that watching her wriggle out of that dress just a few feet from a public sidewalk was just about the most erotic experience of his life. Seconds later her panties and bra joined her dress at her feet, and she stepped away from her clothes.

Dropping to her knees, she stared directly into his eyes and slid her right hand down to her pussy. She ran her fingers through her thick bush, her fingers acting like a comb. After several seconds of that, she positioned her hand flat against her pussy lips and slipped her middle finger between her lips and deep into her pussy. In and out, she fucked herself while maintaining eye contact with her lover. He moaned loudly but not as loudly as she did. If someone had been walking on the sidewalk just a few feet away, they would have known exactly what was going on behind the bushes. And the thrill of discovery added to the pleasures of finger-fucking herself, bringing her even closer. Her pussy was still tingling in that special way that indicated a crashing orgasm was on its way.

Shelly held his gaze as Eric looked down on her naked body, her fingers thrusting in and out of her hairy pussy. He waited as long as he could and then dropped to his knees.

"Okay, slut. I won't wait any longer. On your knees and prepare to be fucked by a real man. Give me your pussy, bitch." His words surprised her since he hadn't even used profanity in front of her, much less the demanding words that he just spoke. Her eyes darted to his, but not before her pussy tingled some more and leaked out more of her gooey juices. Shelly immediately moved to her knees and one hand, using the other hand to continue fucking herself.

She heard Eric position himself behind her, and he grabbed her ass to align himself with her pussy. At least she hoped it was her pussy, but because of his aggressive words, she wasn't sure which hole he planned to take. She gritted her teeth, hoping he would at least start out slow.

Eric pushed the head of his cock against her pussy lips, letting her relax for the moment. She was no stranger to ass fucking, but she knew this cock was thick enough to require a lot of lube and she had neglected her normal practice of placing a tube of lube and a condom in her purse. She knew her pussy was wet enough to take him, but she wasn't sure at all about her asshole. So Shelly decided that she was okay when she felt his cock push against her pussy lips.

Eric paused for a moment with his cock pushing against but not yet entering her pussy. Then in one hard shove, he penetrated her as far as possible until he bumped against her cervix. He paused again, presumably to let her get used to his cock. Shelly had to grin, thinking it was too late for that. And then he began to slowly move in and out. Now she gave up thinking entirely, content to revel in the feeling of this really big and really hard cock pushing in and out of her wet and waiting pussy. Within a few seconds, he began to increase his speed until sixty seconds later he was pounding her pussy as if he was in a race. And another minute of hard pounding resulted in her tingling morphing into the intense orgasm she had been expecting. Then without any warning, she stopped him.

"I need you to stop." Eric looked down in surprise, almost shock, but saw a wide grin on her face. "Like maybe tomorrow. Or maybe the next day. But definitely not today." Her grin stretched even wider and he grinned with her as her body trembled for a couple of seconds. He paused for about two seconds more and then went back to hammering her pussy.

Shelly screamed and her body began to shake and tremble. Her pussy muscles rippled around Eric's cock, alternating between grabbing it like a vice and massaging it. The intensity of her climax caused him to cum, and he exploded into her pussy like firehose. Eric shouted, adding his sounds to hers. Several people in the parking lot heard the lovers, but the two couples on the sidewalk a few feet away stopped walking, shock on their faces. The taller of the two men leaned over the hedge and peered down at the naked woman and the man fucking her from behind.

"What the fuck?" He paused, as if he didn't know what more to say. But the other three who were with him asked what was going on.

"There are two people here fucking like rabbits. Well, actually, fucking like dogs. Holy shit! Honey you call the cops while I alert the manager." Shelly rose to her knees and rotated so she could see directly into Eric's eyes.

"Maybe we should go." Eric's quiet suggestion was met with a quick nod from Shelly. Then they burst into laughter as they grabbed their clothes. Without bothering to get dressed, they ran to Eric's car. It took him a few seconds to get his keys from his pants pocket, but suddenly they were inside his car. They were still laughing as he started the engine and they screeched off and out of the parking lot.

"I told you I like giving head and having sex in public." Eric locked eyes with her and grinned.

"Remind me to never doubt you again." And they continued laughing as they drove across town totally naked.
