He made one last change to the program, and waited, impatiently, for Wesley. He was excited and nervous, and he didn’t know how Wes would react, though he figured it would be favorably.

He had never done anything like this before, and honestly, he had never really wanted to. Any fantasy that he had ever had, he had never really wanted to do with anyone, not until Wesley had come along. He wanted to do them all with Wesley, and wanted to do anything that Wesley could come up with. He was pretty sure there wasn’t much that he would say no to.

The door swished open and Wesley was standing there in his uniform like Will had asked. This was something that Wesley had wanted to do, or at least a very good duplicate of what he wanted to do.

“What’s going on, Will?”

He watched as Wesley took in his surroundings. A complete replica of the bridge, including the crew, even Picard. The only person missing was Beverly, because that would just be too weird.

“I was thinking that it’s time to introduce a safe word to our sex life.”

“A safe word?”

“Wes, don’t think that I don’t exactly what it was you wanted when you let slip this little fantasy.”

Instead of blushing or looking even a little bit embarrassed, Wesley smiled at him, looking excited. He walked up to Will, pressed in close, and kissed him before whispering in his ear, “so, what’s the safe word?”

Wesley was already hard against him, and it excited Will knowing that he could do this to Wesley, that he could do this for Wesley.

“Oh, I don’t know. How about watermelon?”

Wesley snorted. “Yeah, okay. Fine. Now take your seat, Commander.”

“Yes, Ensign.”

He took his seat right next to the holographic Picard. He had programmed it so that it was like a normal travel day. He had conversations with everyone, including Geordi, Guinan, and O’Brien, because even though they weren’t normally on the bridge, he figured Wes would enjoy having them there. Another kink that they would have to explore at some point.

He was incredibly hard, sitting there, waiting for Wesley to call him over, wondering if he would have him do anything before Wesley fucked him over the console, wondering how demanding Wesley would actually be.

“Commander, I need to speak to you. Immediately.”

“Yes, Ensign.”

He was up and out of his seat while he was still speaking. He stood next to Wesley, hands behind his back.

“What can I do for you, Ensign?”

“Commander, I’ve been hearing complaints about your arrogance and your cockiness. It’s time someone taught you a lesson. On your knees.

“Ensign?”

“I said on your knees. Maybe you’ll learn some humility if the bridge crew watches you suck my dick.”

“Yes, Ensign.”

He lowered himself to his knees in front of Wesley, heart pounding madly. He was going to be lucky if he didn’t come in his pants, hearing Wesley talk like this. He undid Wesley’s pants and pulled out Wesley’s cock. As he lowered his head, Wesley put a hand on his head, and gripped his hair tightly, almost too tightly. There was no question as to who was in charge.

Unsure of the pace Wesley wanted him to take, he started out slowly.

“That’s right, Commander, you like sucking dick, don’t you?”

Will moaned around Wesley, part in agreement, and part arousal at Wesley talking to him like that. He slowly increased his pace, Picard yelling out supposedly helpful instructions in the background. It was becoming a little distracting, and incredibly annoying. Finally, Wesley spoke up.

“Shut up, Picard!”

Will dug his fingers into Wesley’s hips and stopped moving, taking as deep a breath as possible through his nose, willing himself to calm down, willing himself to not come. That probably had to have been one of the hottest things to ever come out of Wesley’s mouth.

He swallowed around Wesley and looked up, catching a brief smile before Wesley had his game face back on.

“Come on, Commander. It’s time you finished what you started.”

He started moving again, doing exactly what he knew that Wesley liked, and what would get him off the quickest. When Wesley was close, the hand in his hair tightened and pulled. Will was confused until he remembered that part of the point of this game was the Ensign demeaning the Commander.

He pulled off, his hand immediately replacing his mouth. He closed his eyes as Wesley started to come, taking everything on his face. There had been a guy, back in his Academy days, who had wanted to do this to him once. The thought had disgusted him and he had refused.

The feel of Wesley’s come all over his face only turned him on more. He was agonizingly hard now. He needed relief, and he needed it soon.

“Clean yourself up, Commander.”

He did so, happily, using his fingers to wipe the come from his face, and then sucking his fingers clean. He looked up at Wesley when he had finished, wanting to smile, but knowing he shouldn’t.

If he had had any doubts about how much Wesley was enjoying this, they vanished when Will saw that Wesley was already hard again.

“Get up, Commander. Pull your pants down and bend over the console.”

Will groaned and did what Wesley had ordered him to do. He felt a finger at his hole, and when Wesley realized what Will had already done, he pushed two fingers in.

“I’m impressed, Commander. You’re already stretched and waiting. I like that.”

Will whimpered at the loss of Wesley’s fingers, but they weren’t gone for long before Wesley was thrusting into him. Will groaned and wanted so badly to touch himself, though he was fairly certain that he could come just from the forceful fucking that Wesley was giving him, and Wesley knew it.

“Commander, don’t you dare come and make a mess all over my console.”

“Yes, Ensign,” he gritted out. He tried to work some calculations in his head, to focus on anything but Wesley pounding into his ass. He couldn’t do it though, because the pleasure was too great. He just had to hope that Wesley came soon. He was thankful that Wes was enjoying this as much as he was, because Wes was coming inside of him, and not a moment too soon.

“Pull your pants back up and take your seat, Commander.”

“Yes, Ensign.”

He trembled with the effort of standing upright, his body thrumming with need. He was desperate for release, but didn’t know how much further Wesley would take their game.

Will was barely in his seat when Wesley paused the program and ran to Will, kneeling before him. All it took was Wesley’s mouth on him, and he came, silently, thrusting hard into Wesley’s mouth.

As soon as he had swallowed every drop of come, Wesley was in Will’s lap and was kissing him.

”Thank you, Will,” he said in between kisses. Will pushed him away, chuckling.

“You’re thanking me? I don’t know if you noticed, but I really enjoyed myself. That was hot.”

Wesley huffed out a laugh. “I know, but thanks.”

Will smiled at him. “You’re welcome.”

“Will.”

“Hmm,” Will replied, nuzzling his nose against Wesley’s neck.

“I need to come again.”

Will laughed. “Okay, but let’s at least go back to our quarters first.”

Wesley was out of his lap and rushing towards the door. Will followed closely behind. They practically ran to their quarters.

They were up all night, and the following morning they were happy and relaxed, and wide-awake. Once the lunch hour had hit, they were both having trouble staying awake. It had been worth it though.

Every so often, throughout the day, Wesley would look down at his console and break out with a big, dopey grin, and Will would allow himself a small smile. They would definitely be doing this again.