Warning: This story is unsuitable for minors and contains explicit descriptions of sexual activity considered taboo (and illegal) in most (if not all) jurisdictions. If such activity offends you, please DO NOT read any further. I do not condone any illegal activity and stress that this work is fiction, fantasy, and in no way meant to reflect reality. Sexual abuse of minors is a very serious issue and I encourage anyone tempted to engage in such behavior to seek help immediately.

This story is going to meander in a variety of ways and will
address a variety of kinks. As such, I will try and include a brief
description of which kinds of acts will be happening at the beginning of each
chapter so readers will know what to avoid.

Title: Collin in CummyLand
Last Updated: 2/12/18

Dear Reader: Thank you for taking the time to read my work. If
you wish to drop me a line, feel free. My email address is
(CreepingDawn@protonmail.com) and I look forward to hearing from
you.

Without further ado...

Chapter 4 (Boy/Girl)

The path slowly began to ascend out of the forest as the sky darkened and a cool breeze swept across land that was growing ever more rocky. The densely packed trees were gone, now, and Collin shivered slightly as he trudged onward, barren hills and desolate grasslands spreading out all around him. Though he now could see in all directions, he felt exposed instead of comforted by the view and he found himself hesitant to consider leaving the path. The bricks under his feet were his anchors and nothing tempted him to stray.

The boy felt as if he had been walking for days. Time, he considered, seemed to be fickle in CummyLand but twilight was almost certainly approaching. Still full of energy, he wondered if he would need to walk through the night or if he should stop somewhere and rest.

A light appeared in the distance as he topped a hill and he could see through the murky gloom the outline of a building about a mile down the road. As he got closer, the light from a window beckoned him onward and he was soon standing at the iron wrought gate of a large building advertising itself as "The Pleasure Place Inn." The inn was a large two-story building surrounding a huge internal courtyard that Collin could see from where he stood. Music spilled from the lush garden and figures move about inside, laughing and telling jokes and engaged in general revelry.

Sounds came from the windows above and to his side and Collin cocked his ear to listen. Grunts. Moans. Sighs of satisfaction. "Sexy sounds" the boy murmured to himself, his boyhood reacting slightly as he began to chub up.

Suddenly, a man was standing at the gate. He wore fine looking clothing and many rings adorned his hands. Twiddling his mustache, he stared down at the boy and smiled an unsavory smile. "May I help you?" he said in a nasally voice.

"Um" Collin began, not really sure what to say.

"Let me guess," the man interrupted. "You need a bed for the night? Perhaps a meal? You have no way to pay? The only thing you own in the whole of this world is that shawl you wear around your shoulders?"

Collin nodded with each pronouncement. This man knew his business.

"Come in, boy. Come in." The man opened the gate, grasped Collin none to gently, and pulled him through into the courtyard. The many patrons continued their party but Collin could now see, as the light was considerably brighter here, that many of them were engaged in sexual adventures with each other. The sight lasted only a moment, though, before Collin was pushed into a small kitchen, handed a bowl of steaming stew, and told to eat at a small corner table.

Moments later, Collin burped in satisfaction. The man, who came over at the sound, looked him up and down. "Well, now that you have enjoyed my food and knowing that you will enjoy one of my many beds, it is time to discuss payment." He smiled mischievously and Collin felt a small knot in his stomach. "You are a virgin, yes? Never been with a girl? I can smell it on you."

Collin stared at the man and, realizing what the man was talking about, nodded slowly. 

"Good. Then follow me. My guests are rather randy tonight and the deflowering of a virgin will be an excellent show. Come!" With that, the man grabbed Collin's wrist and pulled him back into the courtyard. A stage topped with pillows, it seemed, had been set up and men and women had surrounded it as they continued their sexual exploits. Most of the lights had been put out but several lit the stage brightly. Eyes tracked Collin as he was herded through the crowd and up onto the platform. 

Before he knew it, the boy was standing in the center of the stage staring at the un-seeable crowd. They stared back from the gloom.

"Esmeralda!" the man yelled from somewhere in the darkness. A jingle of bells responded and Collin turned to his right as a girl stepped onto the stage. She was lovely. Perhaps eleven years old, her sharp angular features were painted thick but tastefully with makeup and a dozen small bells were fastened in her hair. She was naked but for a small metallic collar around her neck, smooth and hairless with only the hint of budding breasts. She stood provocatively as the crowd groaned in satisfaction.

Collin also groaned as his cocklett reacted to the sight almost immediately by springing to attention. The girl, Esmeralda, smiled and licked her lips. Saying nothing, she sauntered over like a cat and stood on her tiptoes to plant a gentle but electric kiss on Collin's lips. He closed his eyes, not breathing.

Suddenly, her presence was gone from in front of him and he opened his eyes. Where had she gone?

Warm lips engulfed his aching tool while a hot talented tongue flicked rapidly over his cockhead. "OHHH! AHHH!!" he grunted, looking down at the girl on her knees in front of him. The crowd erupted with moans of delight as the girl's head bobbed talentedly up and down on his straining flesh. Placing his hands on her head, he found himself a bit weak-kneed at the intensity of the pleasure and closed his eyes again.

The blowjob lasted a few minutes until, just as he was about to cum, the girl released him and fell backwards. The cold air on his wet cock shocked Collin and he looked down, seeing the girl staring seductively up at him with her legs spread wide. Her dripping wet sex, soft and pink, called to him as he fell to his knees and looked at his first every pussy.

"Fuck her boy!" yelled someone from the crowd as others laughed and Collin, acting on impulse, slid himself between her legs. Her hand helped guide him and soon the tip of his cock pushed against her experienced entrance. Taking a deep breath, he pushed forward and all four inches slid wonderfully up her tight hot snatch.

Collin grunted and groaned as he fucked her in front of the crowd, nature taking hold and guiding him through the motions. The girl moaned loudly throughout the fucking and twice her pussy seemed to clamp down on his tool as she writhed in climax. Her second orgasm sent him over the edge and Collin howled in pleasure as his cock, pistoning in and out of her with the speed of youth, erupted his copious seed deep into her. 

The crowd erupted in appreciative applause as Collin collapsed on the girl and their breathing slowed. Then, as if catching another wind, the girl wiggled out from under Collin and, taking his hand, pulled him up and towards the edge of the stage. "She ain't done with you, boy!" called the man from somewhere. "Tak'n you to her room for a night full o'fun!"

The man's words proved prophetic as the girl dragged Collin to a small cluster of rooms on the first floor and began to pull him into her bedchamber. For a moment, the boy had to decide whether to continue the dalliance.



[StorySplit 4A/4B)

4A (Continue the Story)

"Um" he started as he stopped at the entrance to the girl's room. "I um I'm kinda tired. Its been a long day." The excuse sounded pretty weak to his own ears but Collin, as much as he had enjoyed the fun, was really ready to call it a night. The girl pulled at his arm but he refused to budge. She never said a word.

Moments later, the girl gave up, let go of his hand, shrugged her shoulders, and entered her room. Looking back with one shy smile, she reached out and took the shawl from his shoulders before closing the door.

For his part, Collin was unsure what to do next. The door next to the girl's room was open slightly, though, and, after peering in and finding it empty, the boy decided to sleep there for the night. Shutting the door quietly and locking it for safety, he slid into the bed and drifted off to sleep. He didn't mind that the girl had his only bit of clothing; he'd get it from her the following day. Perhaps at breakfast?

The next morning, a pounding from the girl's room next door woke Collin with a start. Shouting soon followed but Collin, recognizing the tone as great displeasure, was already out of bed. A new pounding began at his own door as the boy slid open the window and jumped out onto the lawn, knowing in his gut he didn't want to be in the inn when his door was finally opened. Swallowing as the pounding grew louder, Collin turned and, spotting the path, raced across the yard as naked as the day he was born and ran full sprint down the brick pathway until the Pleasure Place Inn was well out of sight. 




4B (End the Story).

"Of course!" his mind screamed as he entered her bedchamber. He'd just lost his virginity to a girl! A real live girl! And she wanted more! Smiling, the two lovers closed the door behind them and fell into bed, his cock already hard and her cunt already wet. They moaned as he entered her and the sounds of their fucking filled the room and melded with the symphony of sex coming from the rest of the inn.

Collin woke to a loud pounding on the girl's door the next morning. The night had been magical and he felt as if he had just gotten to sleep. Three more times the couple had achieved mutual satisfaction as the night wore on and he had hoped that she might be ready for another go when they both woke up. The pounding on the door grew before the door swung open and the man entered the room.

Before Collin could react, the man pushed a metal collar around his neck and snapped it shut, locking it in the process. "Hey!" Collin said, stunned as he rolled onto his back and tried to remove the metal band. "What the hell?" The girl, now awake, gave him a sorrowful stare and looked away.

The man beamed. "The patrons thought you did great, boy! You've got a real knack for it. Pretty boy, too. Your show convinced me to keep you on. You two are going to make a great act!"

As Collin's eye widened, the man began to explain the boy's new life. Collin was a slave. Would be a salve. Would fuck Esmeralda every night for the benefit of the guests, sure, but would never leave the inn again.

Then, one morning, many years in the future, Collin woke up to sunlight streaming through his bedroom window. His childhood bedroom. He was... back home? No longer in Cummyland? He glanced to the side of his bed and grunted at his Xbox and TV. Yep. Back home. Jumping up and looking at himself in the mirror, Collin gasped in surprise as his 12-year-old face stared back at him. He hadn't aged at all, despite spending years with Esmeralda! Checking the wall calendar, Collin sighed in understanding. It was the day he had traveled to Cummyland. Time in his world had not marched on. Then, with a sudden thought, the boy wondered what adventures he had missed out on by getting trapped by Esmerald's girlish charms?