Zaxan's Paradise 1: His First Earth Girl
By Mannheim Knot

NOTE:  This story was originally published under another of my pen names.  Same author, different incarnation.

In this story series, an alien teen becomes the first of his race to reap sexual pleasures from the females of a recently discovered planet, a primitive ball of mud called Earth.  He starts out feeling only the need to dominate females, but along the way he comes to understand that Earth women tap into parts of his being with which most of his people have lost touch.

A beautiful Latina named Tierra becomes the first female of any species fourteen-year-old Zaxan has ever taken.

Alien, NC, teen male/teen female, mind control
. . .
The wealthy males of Denubis Prime had little time to look at advertisements, but nearly all of them would always take the time to view any video that came with a Sarcorps logo attached.  Sarcon always managed to provide the most pleasant diversions.  So it was that one day nearly every Denubian captain of industry took the time to watch the plug he sent them for his latest find.  They were surprised to see the face of the great man himself filling their screen.

"Come to Zaxan's Paradise," he boomed, "the prettiest little planet in the universe and home to the greatest treasure any male has ever encountered... the human female!

"Zaxan's Paradise is the exclusive property of Sarcorps, contact our travel division for arrangements now.  Not sold yet?  Of course not!  You're an intelligent male with discerning tastes.  Let one of the locals tell you why a visit to Zaxan's Paradise is one you'll never forget!"

A naked human female, beautiful and tiny compared to a Denubian, appeared on the screen.  "Please, great one," she said.  "Come show me what pleasures I have yet to know."  The woman was so filled with desire and emotion that her tiny body trembled.

The communications lines at Sarcorps Travel were jammed within moments of the video's release.

. . .
Young Zaxan was enjoying being on his own, and he hadn't even reached Earth yet.  "Tana, estimated arrival time?" he asked the onboard computer.

"Two Denubian solar cycles, handsome," she purred in her sexy voice.  Zaxan had programmed the computer to take on the vocal timbre and speech patterns of an Earth character who seemed to exude sex appeal.  He realized she was an artistic representation Earthers called a cartoon, but Jessica Rabbit's voice came from an actual human.  Whoever this Kathleen Turner was, she knew how to make a male feel like he was desired.

"In their time demarcations, please, Tana."

"Thirty-six hours, twenty four minutes, big boy."

"Thanks, Tana."  Zaxan turned back to the video of an Earther sex comedy and tried to understand the humor.  Videos just weren't getting it done.  Certainly even the appearance of a human female on a screen was visually stimulating, but he was forced to find all the linguistic nuances and emotional subtleties through close observation of audio and visual cues.  Denubians traditionally understood alien cultures by sensing emotional vibrations.  Nearly every race in the universe had emotional vibrations, but very few races could actually feel them the way Denubians did.  Well, Denubian males at least.

"Incoming message from Sarcon, Zaxy."

"Thanks, Tana."  He laughed slightly.  `Zaxy' did seem like what an amorous Earther female would have made of his name.  He hoped to hear a sweet diminutive version of his name from a real human female sometime soon.

There was a slight delay in the signal, and the audio was out of sync, but even at this range it was nice to know that his father's face was only a few seconds away.  Only a handful of Denubians had the means to access a comm system powerful enough to reach all the way to this end of the spiral arm.  Zaxan's father, Sarcon, was one of them.  "How are you doing, my son?"

"Fine, Father.  I've been following the same routes as your Sarcorp scouts took, and there have been no unforeseen incidents at all."

"Good, good.  I think you're going to have a remarkable time on Ear-uth."

"Earth, Father.  They roll the two sounds together with no extra syllable."

"Well, I don't have the gift for linguistics my son has.  Perfect marks three evaluation periods in a row!  You've been very responsible, and you've earned this trip.  I think you'll find their females very exciting.  My scouts' reports indicate they have a great range of emotions, and that their little bodies are quite the wonder to behold.  You'll be the first Denubian to experience copulation with an Earther female.  I made sure that privilege was reserved for my son."

"You seem very excited about that, Father.  I think you wish you were the one making this trip!"

"Well, I just can't pry myself away from the office these days.  I've been expanding and acquiring new territories, as you know.  I just purchased exclusive rights to Wastoon IV."

"Father, that's six planets you own now.  You could afford to take a break."

"I'm just doing a little more to ensure your legacy, son.  Then, I'll have some free time.  Tell you what.  If Earth turns out to be everything the scouts promised, I'll take you back next revolution."

"You'll come with?"

"I promise.  Next revolution, provided your evaluations at the academy remain as high as they've been.  Do we have an accord?"

"If I say yes it's a binding contract, Father."

"I understand.  I'll make the trip next time.  Now, as for this trip..." his father sighed and spoke in a sentimental voice.  "A young male's first copulations should be special, and you deserve a treat more than most.  Don't hold back.  Reap everything you can from these Earther females."  Zaxan saw the tiny flair of his father's eyelids.  Unspoken was the notion that Denubian males would never again be anything but dominant with females.  The cultural memory of what their own females had attempted to do had been passed down from one generation to the next.  And with Denubians not only could the words and the facts be passed through the generations, the actual feelings of betrayal and wounded pride were passed directly from father to son as well.

"I'll make the most of this, Father, I swear.  Your money is going to be well-spent."

"Looks like my meeting is about to begin, Zaxan."  He gave a different sigh, not wanting to part with his cherished progeny.  "I love you, son.  I'm incredibly proud of you."

"I love you too, Father.  I'll be back before you know it."  Sarcon and son touched their chests in a show of fondness, and then after they reached to touch fingers on the screen, it went blank.

Zaxan continued to prepare for his vacation, or `exploration of pleasure' as Sarcon had called it.  Zaxan was following tradition, but he was also helping break new ground.  The Denubians had taken females from hundreds of planets, and had found some truly exciting ones in the process.  But Earth females were a new experience, and supposedly beyond belief.  They looked almost exactly like miniature Denubian females, but they had genuine emotions, a huge difference from what female Denubians had become.  Denubis Prime had initially become a prosperous planet because of its highly intelligent females, but every Denubian male craved lovers that felt something, anything.  Denubian females no longer had that to offer.  

For as far back as Denubian history could go, the females had been dominant.  They were smaller, but more intelligent and ambitious than their males.  Still they were kind and benevolent mates.  Their incredibly deep empathic bond with their males ensured that they would not enslave them or debase them.  But then the all-female ruling council had decided that their fondness for their mates was holding back the progress of the Denubian females.  

They attempted to rid themselves of the empathic connection.  The viral genetic engineering the females attempted on themselves generations ago had gone horribly wrong and left them entirely bereft of passions.  Lacking the emotional drive to dominate, they had become subservient to the males.  The males had emotions as always, but they also felt angry that their mates had tried to distance themselves from them in order to truly make them into a servant class.  The failed experiment would forever be known as "The Great Betrayal."  

The Post-Betrayal females turned out to be even more productive.  They focused their minds solely on their work, intellectual curiosity seeming to be all they had left in their brilliant minds.  The Betrayal had enhanced their formidable intelligence even further, and as unintended side effect, their physical forms had grown larger and more powerful than their males.  But once their females had become emotionless, Denubian males could no longer form any empathic bond with them.  Males saw them simply as functionaries.  Since the male view of genetic tampering had become understandably dim, they did copulate with their hulking females, but only to procreate.  Pleasures and tender female companionship they sought elsewhere.

Yet pleasure-seeking with alien women had its limitations.  Certainly some of them were fairly compatible physically, but a being wants to experience passion with its own species.  That was doubly true for Denubian males, since so few of the aliens they had yet encountered experienced strong emotions.  With their once fiercely passionate females forever altered, Denubian males felt somewhat alone in the universe.  From the secret early reports the Sarcorp scouts had submitted, Earth women were essentially the same intelligent and intensely emotional creatures that Denubian females had been before the changes.  But Denubian males were no longer the soft-hearted followers they had been before the Betrayal.  In search of females and other less exciting but nonetheless useful resources, the Denubians had pushed outward and conquered planet after planet.  It seemed that their females had been right about one thing.  Every culture dominated by males eventually turned to conquest.

Zaxan nearly salivated at the prospect of his personal conquest of some young human females.  "Girls" they were called at his age.  Every sleep cycle during the journey had given Zaxan an opportunity to learn their language from the hypno instructor.  In the course of twelve sleep cycles, he had mastered the vocabulary and syntax of nearly a dozen of their major dialects.  He had been informed that it was still tricky to understand the Earthers because they were creative speakers and employed many metaphors.  The hypno instructors would contain those metaphors as well--in Version 2.0--but his father's Sarcorp linguists said that version would still be in development for another six lunars.

Zaxan parked his father's executive cruiser in orbit around the earth moon, leaving the ship in stealth mode.  He took the shuttle for the short hop down to the planet.  For some reason, the space-to-planet transporter disrupted the primitive Earth communications systems, and the scouts had discouraged Zaxan from making use of it.  The transporter itself was unaffected, but there was a fear that frequent disruptions of their communications might be upsetting to the Earthers.  A shuttle in stealth mode, on the other hand, came and went without causing so much as a ripple in their lives, and the surface-to-surface transporter didn't have enough power to disrupt their communications.  Besides, the shuttle his father had provided was big enough to convert the cargo bays into a handful of small rooms.  Zaxan set it up so that the rooms would be roughly similar to human bedrooms.  He planned on entertaining more than one female, but figured that each would like their own space.  They were not known to generally be group breeders.

After settling on a place called Albuquerque as a landing spot--`alb u querque' meant `pretty little pet' in his own language--Zaxan landed in the nearby desert and then transported himself to a location likely to have a variety of girls.  This place was called a `mall.'

Zaxan loved it from the moment he arrived.  The bathroom stall he utilized to arrive in concealment was hideously smelly, but it was a new smell, a new experience.  He left the bathroom and traveled down a short corridor to an area known as the food court.  Apparently, humans generally bred in private but frequently ate in public.  That seemed primal to Zaxan, but wildly exciting.  The whole mall was noisy, and entirely too bright.  Well, the scouts had said that human hearing, smell and eyesight weren't as acute as Denubian senses.  As he inhaled the powerful aromas in the food court, Zaxan began to wonder if they had any sense of smell at all.  But the people were the greatest wonder.  They were smaller than him, but he thought their forms were mostly quite appealing.  Their activity, however, was nearly indecipherable.  They seemed to either be in a tremendous hurry, or concentrating on doing nothing at all.  It was all very alien and very wonderful.

Two groups of young males caught his attention as they eyed each other across the food court.  Zaxan was certain that they were going to fight one another.  There seemed to be no real reason for the dispute; perhaps it was ritual combat.  The young visitor nearly stayed to watch that, but he hadn't come here to simply study local customs.  The yearning that had haunted his loins for nearly two revolutions was too powerful.  Zaxan did the time conversions in his head.  A human year was a little longer than a Denubian revolution.  He was now barely fourteen in human years.  He would have been roughly twelve Earther years old when the sexual urges began.

His focus shifted to the females.  All the humans were smaller than adult Denubians.  Only one or two of those assembled here were even as tall as Zaxan, and he wasn't quite fully grown.  The females were, by and large, smaller than the males, delightfully so.  There were a few girls standing near the groups of boys preparing to fight.  One girl sent off more of an emotional spark than the others.  Her hair was black, and her eyes were dark brown.  Her face looked younger than those of the other girls, but she was taller and thinner than the rest of them, nearly to Zaxan's shoulder.  Her skin was a very light brown, but a bit of reddish color showed in her face.  She was experiencing passions!  "Come on, Hector," she was saying, pulling on the arm of a large male who looked a good deal like her in appealing face and lengthy proportion.  "This is stupid.  I don't need my big brother to end up in jail just because some other guys looked at him funny."

"Go home, Ti," Hector said, gently removing her hand from his arm.  "This is man shit."  Zaxan realized that this was a metaphor.  There was no male excrement present, and from what he could tell, dietary choices aside, there was no particular difference between the feces of their males and females.  

The Denubian realized that he truly desired this female, Ti.  He knew he could not simply take her from this crowded place, however.  He followed the longstanding procedures set down for procuring alien females.  He fired a tiny dart from the tracer-gun he had altered to look like a human instrument called a ball-point pen.  Ti felt a small pinch as it struck her bottom and embedded there as a tag for the shuttle's transporter.  She turned and looked at the large boy standing behind her.  Despite the profound difference in body mass, she slapped him across the face.  "Dammit, Carlos, I am not in a mood for any of your shit!" she snapped.

The opposing group of boys laughed at the sight of a girl slapping Carlos, and it set off the fight.  Zaxan groaned.  He had interfered in their ritual posturing.  That had never been his intent.  But it did create the very opportunity he had been seeking.  Hector had cast Ti under the shelter of a table when chairs began to fly, and she was concealed from the view of the others.  No one was paying her the least bit of attention, and Hector would likely assume she'd followed his advice and gone home.  Zaxan activated the device, and she disappeared.  The transporter would place her in the receiving tube of the shuttle, and the anesthesia gas in the tube would automatically kick in when an alien presence was detected.  Ti would sleep for hours, or until Zaxan gave her a whiff of the antidote.

Zaxan removed himself from the scene when security forces arrived.  Besides, the crowd had begun to disperse to avoid the fray.  He moved around the mall and eventually tagged two more females.  One was a talkative little blonde whose breasts were disproportionately large compared to her otherwise diminutive frame.  She was with a group of females that seemed to possibly be five or six years older than Zaxan.  A few of them wore University of New Mexico logos on their clothing.  He knew it might be hours, possibly even days before she was isolated enough to transport.  She was very social, extremely attractive and of an age where she might have companionship even in her bed at night.  Zaxan regretted the delay, but he already had a girl back in the shuttle.  

The third girl he tagged was quite tiny, and Zaxan thought that she was likely a couple of years younger than him.  Denubian males desired tiny females.  This little one captivated Zaxan.  Her hair was orange, and her eyes were blue.  She was clinging to the arm of her older brother and staring up at him as if he were some sort of hero.  Perhaps he was.  He wasn't very tall, but he was quite powerfully built, and he wore a jacket with several clanking medals hanging from it.  

Zaxan wanted desperately to have this girl look at him with the admiring eyes she cast upon her brother.  She might have been the most beautiful creature he had ever seen.  He knew for a certainty that this little treasure would be hard to extract and keep for any length of time without causing a great furor.  He planned on utilizing the most classic of procedures.  He would bring her to the ship from her bed and return her before morning.

Zaxan returned to the small cubicle in the men's room and transported back to the shuttle from there.  Tana would track the movements of his two recently-tagged females.  He was anxious for his fun with his captured Earther girl to begin.

He gently moved the beautiful dark-haired girl from the transporter booth to one of the bedrooms.  As he took her into his arms he was amazed by the fragrance that enshrouded her.  The atmospheric filters kicked in, and the computer informed him that there was a chemical substance present on her skin in trace amounts.  "Is that what I'm smelling, Tana?" he asked.

The computer confirmed his suspicion.  "Shall I remove it, honey?"

"Is it dangerous, Tana?"

"The only effect it seems to have is to increase your sexual arousal.  Yummy."

"It sure does that.  Cross-reference the database.  Is this what they call perfume?"

"You're right again, Zaxy.  You're so smart a girl doesn't stand a chance with you, does she?  Shall I have the filters remove it?"

"Negative.  Analyze the chemical composition and record it.  I may want to reproduce some of it later."

"Anything you say, Zaxy.  Pleasant copulations."

"Thanks, Tana."

Zaxan studied his prize.  She was definitely tall for a human female, and she was slender.  She wore denim shorts with tights of a sort covering her long legs.  Her white shirt was only buttoned in the middle and exposed her flat belly where she had rolled it up and tied it.  Her hair was quite fascinating to Zaxan.  It was long and very black with a wave to it.  Denubian hair was rich and full, but it was always straight.  He touched her hair for a while as she slept.  It was soft, not unlike the hair of his own people, but still he liked hers more.

He decided that since clothing was prohibitive to intercourse it would be best if he removed hers before he woke her.  He hummed a gentle tune as he went about it.  Music was a constant in any culture that experienced emotion.  Zaxan quite liked the Earther music that he had heard on his way here.  He was stimulated by the raw emotional power of something the humans called "Metal," but he also liked the pleasant little melodies they used to calm themselves.  He stopped short in his humming when he removed the last article of clothing.  He had expected her to have hair on her pubis, but he found none.  Had he misjudged what age and features typically accompanied sexual maturity in human females?

He inspected her more closely.  Her pubic hair had been intentionally removed.  Humans were full of strange rituals not covered in the scouts' database.  He would ask the girl about it after their copulation.  He removed his own clothing and then waved a vial of antidote to the anesthesia under her nose.  He set the vial aside and waited the few seconds it would take for her to revive.

The girl sat bolt upright in the bed and cast her eyes around the room.  Immediately, she began to show signs of emotion.  She was terrified.  Zaxan had expected a bit of apprehension, but this was even better.  It was so powerful and vital.  Her agitated state affected her body chemistry and created a slight change in her odor.  Zaxan inhaled, and it sent a powerful rush through his body.  "Where the fuck am I?" she demanded.  "Who the fuck are you?  Why am I naked?"

He tried to answer her in a manner that employed the same metaphors she had used.  "You're the fuck aboard a Denubian shuttle.  I the fuck am Zaxan, and you're naked to make it easier for us to have some fucking sexual intercourse."

"You fuckers grabbed me from the fight, didn't you?  Somebody drugged me and brought me here.  Hector is going to kill your ass dead if you don't let me go!"  She stood on the bed and seemed prepared to fight Zaxan.

"I am not a member of the other faction of boys fighting at the mall.  I am a Denubian.  I have procured you for my sexual pleasure."

"They sold me to some foreign fucker?"  Zaxan could hear her heart pound.  He heard and saw things more clearly than her species did.  But the visitor was amazed to find that the emotion his captive was projecting now was closer to anger than fear.  It was even more powerful within this girl than the terror had been.  She must have been what the humans called `brave.'

Zaxan moved slowly forward and spoke in a calm voice.  He wanted to see if he could manipulate her emotional state through the tone of voice he used.  "Not foreign in the way you think.  I am an alien... the outer space kind, not the human immigrant kind."

"Stay the fuck away from me, and quit feeding me bullshit."

"Explain the term bullshit.  I'm sure it's not literal."

"Quit fucking lying to me!" she said, seeming to think he was stupid for not understanding.

"Oh, bullshit is lying.  Man shit is fighting.  What type of shit do you females have?"  She stared at him blankly.  "It's not important.  I am not lying.  Tana, lift the wall behind me."

The computer lifted the cargo bay wall that had been in place to make the bay seem more like a human bedroom.  As the wall pulled upwards, the girl was given a glimpse toward the cockpit of the shuttle.  "Oh shit!" the girl said and backed up on the bed so that her hand could rest on the wall and support her.

"Versatile word `shit'," he mused aloud.  "I suppose I am strong enough and tall enough to have intercourse with you while standing.  But I really think I should try it in one of the more traditional positions for the first time.  Would you like to lie on your back, kneel on all fours, or mount me?"  The girl's anger spiked again, but so did her fear.  It was quite a potent cocktail, and Zaxan grew ever more aroused.  As he drew in a deep breath and sighed, the girl moved to action.  She took a step forward and then launched off the bed, trying to kick Zaxan in the head.

Zaxan hadn't anticipated that a female possessing roughly half his overall body mass would attempt to disable him physically.  Still, despite their small size, this species did not seem to possess the agility of Denubians.  He knew for a certainty from catching a glimpse of the humans' fight that they also didn't have nearly the physical strength he possessed.  Zaxan stepped slightly to the side and caught her in mid-air.  He used her forward momentum to spin himself around and place her back down on the bed.  "Oh god," she moaned, realizing that she was hopelessly outmatched.  Still, she did not give up and rolled to her belly in order to try to crawl away.

Zaxan saw his opportunity.  "From behind it is, then.  Good!  Good!  Let's begin.  My organ is already quite stiff."  He held her hips in place and tried to slide into her from behind.  His shaft slid beneath her and along her labia.  "Whoops!  Missed.  Sorry!" he cried out, laughing slightly at his own clumsiness.  "To be fair, this is my first try, and you are squirming about quite a bit."  He slid one arm around her waist and used a hand to guide himself into her.  He found that her channel offered some resistance.  "Are you small, or am I rather large?" he asked.  

She did not respond, but simply wept and continued to struggle.  Perhaps she thought he was speaking to the computer again.  He should call the girl by name.  What had her brother called her?  He stopped a few inches inside of her and paused to think.  It was difficult to focus since the warmth and tightness of her vagina coupled with her constant movement greatly stimulated him.  He finally remembered.  "Ti?  Ti, are you tight inside, or am I just big compared to a human?"

"I hate you, fucking pig!"

This was different from before.  She had been angry, but this new emotion, hatred, was quite powerful.  Denubian males experienced all these emotions, but not as fiercely as humans seemed to.  Something in the emotion sparked a response that Zaxan had not anticipated.  He started to feel some anger and resentment toward her as well.  Emotions were designed to be reciprocated, he supposed.  He tapped into hateful words he had learned in her language.  "Shut up, bitch!" he shouted.

"Fuck you!"

Something in the moment brought Zaxan to an almost frenzied level of lust.  In preparation for his expedition, he had read a work or two of human erotic literature that contained the phrase `hate fuck.'  Zaxan had found it very perplexing until this moment.  Suddenly he understood it.  He drove his shaft deep into her and thrilled to hear her scream.  He was defeating her, humiliating her.  He liked this way of doing things.  It was very emotional.  He began to pound away at her, and sought for the words in her language that could express how he was feeling.  "My big cock is pounding your tight little cunt, and there's not a thing you can do about it!"  She wept and continued to scream as he took her with ever greater force.  He had not struck a hymen, but found that he had some difficulty opening her deeper passage.  He believed he was striking her cervix.  With some work, he found an angle that let him slide deeper inside of her.  He felt victorious.

She was helpless against him.  He was completely dominating her now.  "What a weak little slut you are, Ti!"  He declared joyfully.  Despite his attempts to maintain the hateful tone of their encounter, he found his anger fading as he realized he was ecstatically happy with what he was experiencing.  

Her emotions were more consistent.  She still hated him.  Still, her body began to respond to the invader.  She had been very dry at first, probably because of her unwillingness and the pain of being created by the disparity between their sizes.  But now her body had adjusted, and she was getting wetter and wetter inside.  "Oh, you like being Zaxan's little bitch, don't you?" he said, wanting to honor her hatred by still behaving in a vile manner.

"No!" she screamed pitifully.  From every sign that Zaxan could detect, she meant it.  She did not like what he was doing.  He found that he didn't care much about that at the moment.  Perhaps her mind would catch up with her body in accepting him.  Either way was fine with him.  There was going to be plenty of emotion for him to enjoy no matter what.  And the physical aspect was now all the more satisfying because her insides were not just warm and tight but wet.  Every stroke was met with resistance, but also acceptance.  The strange duality of it all was intoxicating.  "Please," she sobbed.  "Please stop!"  Zaxan certainly did not feel like stopping.  The sensations were incredible.  Her body pleased him very, very much.  And her displays of emotion were driving him to greater passions than he had ever known.

He explored her body further.  He leaned up and began to play at the entrance to her ass.  He had learned that it was considered `nasty' by some, but pleasing to others, to use this as an entrance to a woman's body.  He wasn't about to remove his cock from its current location; nothing had ever been so intensely pleasing to him.  But he felt as if her small bottom should be utilized for something.  He jammed a finger into it, and she screamed again.  He wanted to feel another jolt of her humiliation.  "Your sweet little ass is mine, too, Ti."  He worked the finger in and out of her as he continued to fuck her pussy.  She seemed even more defeated as he did this, but at the same time she never stopped fighting him.

Zaxan was still trying to regain his hatred for her, but he was failing.  She had such spirit and strength of will.  He was glad, in a way, to know that while he was dominating her, he wasn't breaking her altogether.  He was quite certain that no other species produced females like this.  He continued to fuck her hard, and pulled his hand from her ass so that he could grab and squeeze her breasts.  He had liked the way girls' breasts looked on their small bodies, and he now found that groping and pinching them was even more pleasing than ogling them.  He knew he was just scratching the surface of what a girl's body could do to give him pleasure, and it was already far more than he'd expected.  

He had a quick thought that he was going to work very hard to get perfect marks during the next evaluation cycle so that he could come here with his father next revolution.  But his thoughts were soon completely focused on his impending orgasm.  The Sarcorp Stimulator VII he had used countless times in the past two years could bring him to climax, but it had never made him feel anything close to what he felt in this moment.  He was going to unleash his seed, but he was going to unleash it into another being, a being whose fiery emotions were far more intense than any he had ever experienced.  "I'm going to fill your girly pussy with cum, my alb u querque!" he cried merrily, and then his ejaculation process began.  His cock began to twitch slowly and then eventually to vibrate with great speed.  Normally, this entire process took a Denubian male only thirty seconds or so to complete.  But with this much passion flowing through him, the vibratory phase of his ejaculation alone lasted well over a minute.

During this time, a drastic change began to overtake Ti.  Her anger and fear were temporarily washed away.  Zaxan experienced a wave of ecstasy sweep through him and realized it wasn't merely his own pleasure but also the girl's physical response he was feeling.  Apparently the erotic stimulation of the vibratory phase was more intense for her than even the horrors of her situation.  She moaned and then began to thrash about in a frantic manner.  Her sex produced far more moisture than before and she climaxed just before Zaxan's actual release.  "Oh, my fucking god!" she managed to say in a choked whisper.  Then she went completely limp as the alien pumped a half-pint of his lavender semen into her.  It gushed back out of her and spilled onto the bed.

The experience had been quite exhilarating for Zaxan as well.  He was not exhausted like Ti, but he was coming down off an intense emotional high.  He slumped to the bed on top of her, taking her in his arms.  Some post-coital instinct must have kicked in with Ti, causing her to snuggle against him.  It surprised Zaxan.  He had read Earther literature with accounts of the way human females reacted after forced coitus, and this didn't seem to match up with the normal response at all.  He had assumed he would have to give her memory blockers and send her back home to never recall anything that had happened here.  But now, he was thinking that maybe she would come to accept it.

For several minutes, the pair clung to one another, simply breathing and feeling the other's presence.  Then, Ti began to softly weep.  Zaxan liked the feeling of her weeping onto his chest.  He sensed in her a desperate need to be held, and even though he was her tormentor, he was her only option.  He remembered that Earthers liked to kiss lovers lips-to-lips, and he did that.  It made him feel tender inside.  She kissed back a few times, and that created even more of a warm feeling inside of him.

The girl looked up at him and held him in her gaze for a long moment.  "You aren't going to kill me, are you?" she asked in a voice that lacked the terror that should accompany such a question.

Zaxan answered in what he hoped was a soothing voice.  "I don't see how that would bring me pleasure, and even if it did, it would be against all the rules of our society, and yours from what I understand."  That seemed to satisfy her curiosity on the rather important point of her survival.  She touched his cheek and looked up at him with her big brown eyes.

"You're a beautiful boy, but you raped me," she said softly, and Zaxan sensed not anger or hatred, but disbelief.  He wondered if this was the emotional fugue humans called `shock.'

"It seemed unlikely you were going to give me sexual pleasure by choice," he replied, still trying to soothe her with his voice.

"And I came.  God, what a whore I am."  She was ashamed, but she didn't seem depressed.  She sought comfort by holding ever tighter to the being that had shamed her.  She seemed to bounce from one emotional state to another with no regard to logic.  There had to be something unforeseen at play here.

"Yes, you climaxed right at the end of my vibratory phase.  You didn't seem to be enjoying it much before that."

"That was real?  I thought I was just going insane."

"I take it human males don't vibrate before they ejaculate?" he asked, beginning to understand why it had been such a stunning physical stimulation for her.  "I wondered why there was no mention of it in the literature.  I thought perhaps speaking of it was taboo.  You see, in our species, both partners need to climax to procreate.  The male vibratory phase generally elicits an orgasmic response from the female.  Although, from everything I've heard, most females don't seem to climax as dramatically as your species does."

"So that's why I came?  Your vibration thingy made me do it?"  There was a sense of profound relief coming from her.  Zaxan was finding himself hard-pressed to keep up with the reasoning behind her emotional shifts.

"I believe so, yes.  Is that important?"

"It means I didn't get off on getting raped.  I just got driven to cumming by that thing you did."

"That would be slutty, getting off on being raped, right?" Zaxan asked.

"It would be scary as hell, and yeah... I guess it would have been slutty."  She was quiet for a moment.  "Do you have any idea why I feel good inside?  I should be terrified and angry and trying to kill your ass right now."

"Well, I think I might know why.  I couldn't figure it out at first, but I think I have now.  Your physiology is more similar to Denubians than any other species with which we've copulated.  Our semen seems to have an effect upon you that is similar to the way it affected our females before the Betrayal.  Scientists have theorized that an evolutionary process made it so that immediately upon receiving a male's semen, a female would desire a gentle bonding with him.  In the old days it would increase the likelihood of couples remaining together to raise the offspring.  As soon as you snuggled in to me, I wanted to calm you and treat you kindly instead of debasing you further.  So, apparently the reaction of your body chemistry is the same as our females' natural reaction used to be."

"I should be clawing your eyes out," she said.  It would have been clear even to a being without empathy that Ti now had no intention whatsoever of harming Zaxan.

"I'm glad that you've chosen to be snuggly instead," He told her.  "Your naked body feels quite nice in my arms."

There was a long moment of silence between them.  Then, out of nowhere, Ti said, "Both."

"Both what, Ti?"

"What you were asking before.  Both things were true.  I am pretty tight, and you're pretty big."

"You've had sex before.  I didn't detect a hymen."

"A couple times, with Carlos.  He was nice at first.  Then he was really an asshole afterwards.  That was last year.  I haven't had a guy since."

"Ti?"

"Tierra, please.  Only my brother calls me Ti."

"Tierra... was I... any good?"

"You fucking raped me.  I hated it," she said sadly, but without anger.  "Then you did that weird trick at the end and it felt incredible, and you apparently gave me some kind of love potion in your cum.  So, in the beginning you were awful, but in the end I felt a lot better than I did after fucking Carlos."

"Oh," Zaxan said, thinking a bit.  "I kind of liked the part where I was raping you.  You gave me emotions that I've never experienced before, well not to anywhere near that degree."

"What do you mean I `gave you emotions'?" Tierra sat up on an elbow and traced a finger across his chest.

"I can sense your feelings.  You humans have very powerful emotions."

"You're a vampire!" she declared as if it should have been obvious to her all along.

"A vampire?"  That wasn't Zaxan's understanding of what a vampire was at all.

"You're like an alien sex vampire, only you feed off our emotions instead of our blood."

"Oh, an analogy... I have difficulty keeping up with human languages sometimes."

"And I'm under your thrall.  None of this is my fault."  Again she seemed comforted by her helplessness.  Zaxan never would have felt that way.  All Denubian males were reviled by the notion of ever being dominated again.

"I never thought any of it was your fault," he said.  "I'm the physically dominant being.  I took what I desired from you."

"And you could take it again," she said and trailed her fingers down his side.  She wasn't quite asking him to do it again, but he could sense her arousal.  She was becoming ever more bonded to him as the semen dispersed through her bloodstream.  "And you could put a baby in me if you wanted, and nothing I could do would stop you."

"Not allowed, I'm afraid," he said in his soothing voice.  While he had no desire to be responsible for a hybrid offspring at his tender age, he suddenly found that the idea held a certain appeal for him.  "Besides, I've been vaccinated against impregnating females until I am of age.  I'm only fourteen by your years."

"Me too," she said.  "For another couple weeks.  My Quinceanera is coming up.  You could be my escort.  Everyone would like to see me with a nice guy like you for a boyfriend."

"Boyfriend?  I like you, but I hardly know you, Tierra.  And I have other human females I'd like to copulate with."

"I don't mind," she said airily.  "I am down for whatever makes you happy.  You're the greatest guy in the world."  She paused for a moment and then giggled.  "Greatest guy in the universe, I should say."

"So, you're willing to continue to have sex with me even though I'll be taking on other girls?"  Zaxan finally realized the depth of what was happening.  "What else would you be okay with?"

"Oh, anything you wanted, anything at all.  I'm your girl, Zaxy."

Zaxan tried not to get overexcited, but it was all adding up to something wonderful.  Human females weren't as big and physically rugged as Denubian females.  The semen was going to have far more profound effects on them. This was going well beyond a desire to be cuddly in the afterglow.  "Tana, do a medical scan on the girl.  How long are the effects of the semen going to last?"

Tana calculated silently for a few seconds.  When she spoke it was an odd mix of the character he'd asked her to play and the role of the computer she was designed to fulfill.  "The molecular bonding with her internal organs seems essentially permanent, my love.  Unless her major organs are replaced, she will respond to you in this manner indefinitely.  She loves you forever, just like I will, Zaxy."

"Is she going to become obsessed with me and unable to function in her society?" he asked, fearing the answer.

"Hard to say for sure, Zaxy, but all indications are that her actions are essentially a response to your handsome presence.  If she is apart from you she will likely remain very fond of you, but the intensity would greatly lessen."

"Tana?" Tierra asked in a dreamy voice.  "Are you saying that if I leave here I will be normal, but if Zaxy is around I'm going to feel like I do right now?"

"Shall I answer her, loverboy?"

"Go ahead, Tana," he instructed the computer.

"Yes, Tierra.  Your description is essentially accurate," Tana informed her.

"I like that," Tierra said.  "I want to feel like this, but I don't want to have to be like this all the time.  Are you okay with that Zaxy?"

"Oh, yes.  Yes, I think that will do just fine," he said.

Zaxan smiled and rolled Tierra to her back and kissed her.  He felt a burst of joy from her as a second coupling appeared imminent.  But he also felt another burst of joy, and its intensity surprised him.  He was becoming used to having strong feelings coming from the external source, Tierra.  But never had he felt such a passionate emotion arise from within himself.  Never had he been so genuinely happy.  The most beautiful and passionate females in the universe were going to become his to command.  This was going to be the best vacation a Denubian boy ever had, and his father might just have to purchase exclusive rights to one more planet this revolution!


