Mad Women
Just outside the censored windows of her office Peggy heard the daily grind taking place. Phones ringing, the yelling down the hall, and even the mailman speaking incredibly loudly as he greeted each person he came into contact with. Just another typical day Peggy thought to herself.
She sat in her office chair, arms on both arm rests as her hands held up her blue and green splattered dress. Her newest assistant, whom she cannot remember his name, was barely visible beneath her desk. He was on his knees, his upper body hidden from Peggy's fashionable dress, massaging the woman's balls as he sucked gently on the woman's large cock head.
"I sure do know how to pick them" Peggy said, holding her dress up as she felt the young man's tongue probe her sensitive gland. She let go of her dress with her left hand and grabbed at her breasts, kneading them gently as she imagined the job the new hire was doing beneath her dress. The sound of soft moans escaped the man's mouth as he licked lovingly at her long pole. "Mmm. Keep going, just like that" she said softy.
Peggy's nipples were finally hard. She reached up and let her left dress band fall from her shoulder, barely exposing her left breast. The woman put her head back as she began to massage her large breast before she decided to concentrate on her nipple. Maybe I should have had him start up here...
Her office door opened up suddenly. Peggy, hearing the noise, took her time to lift her head and look to see who it was. A large breasted, beautiful woman with an incredibly curvaceous body stood in the doorway. She wore a green dress that exposed her entire upper chest, making it known that she was proud of her 39-DD breasts. She wore her hair up, making it known to everyone she was confident and in charge.
"Peggy" the woman stopped, noticing what Peggy was doing. "Is he under there?"
"He sure is." Peggy let go of her breast and grabbed her dress with both hands. She pulled it to her chest, to reveal the man who has been sucking lovingly on her penis for the past ten minutes. The blonde young boy kept doing his job, never hesitating for a moment.
"Aww! He's so cute! You got a blonde one, huh. I knew you'd pick a blonde one. Anyway, when you're done in here, come to my office. We are having a meeting." The redhead said.
"Sure, but couldn't you have just called me, Joan?" Peggy asked, letting go of her hand, her dress falling back over the boy between her legs.
"Of course I could have. I just knew you'd be enjoying yourself, and it looks like I was right" Joan said with a wink. "Don't drain yourself too much though. We'll be having some fun in my office, too. Make sure you bring the new guy."
Peggy chuckled to herself gently as Joan closed the door. The boy had begun to finger Peggy's asshole as he bobbed up and down on her large nine inch cock. "Goodness!" the woman moaned, pushing her lower body out even more so the boy could have more access to her lower half. She lifted her dress again to admire the work of the new intern. The blonde boy was expertly working a finger into her ass as his head bobbed in a corkscrew like motion, getting all of her long dick into his mouth. Peggy knew she was close to coming, and she couldn't help but notice how beautiful her dick looked with this boy working on it.
"You sure are good...but..." she stopped mid-sentence, nearing her climax "you still have much to learn!"
The intern felt her balls tighten against his wrist as he kept fingering the woman's ass. He felt her cock begin to spasm as she grabbed the back of his head and held him tight.
"Oh, God! Here it comes, take it all!" Peggy's body jerked slightly, her breast warm against her upper arm as she held the boy's head in place for her climax. Her cock began to pump shot after shot of warm thick semen down the boy's throat. Peggy leaned forward over in her chair, pulling the intern's head in as much as she could as she pumped the remaining cum from her balls into his throat. She let go of the boy's head as she slowly pulled her saliva and cum covered cock from his throat. When the large head passed back out through his lips the intern fell to his butt and sat there in wonder, his body still getting used to the large amounts of cum that had just been pumped into his stomach.
"Don't worry. You'll get used to it." Peggy said, standing up from her chair. She re-adjusted her dress strap so her breast was no longer exposed. She looked down at herself, making sure her dress wasn't too wrinkled in any one spot as she smoothed it out. Stepping from the desk, she stood in front of her mirror and gave a pose. "Damn it" she said. "It looks like we made a little bit of a mess."
The boy followed her finger as she pointed to her baby blue high heel. He saw what she meant: A glob of her semen had somehow missed his throat and fell squarely on her foot. "It's okay, it's probably my fault. I may have dripped a little when I stood up." Content with her appearance, she walked towards the door and put her hand on the doorknob. "Now come on. We have a meeting to get to."

The Meeting

The shenanigans going on in the conference room never ceased to amaze her. Peggy entered the room with a wide smile on her face. She peaked back over her shoulder to make sure her new intern was following the duties of his job description.
"I see you ladies bring the party with you." Peggy had a splendid view of her colleagues Joan and Betty -- both of whom had their attention on their new interns servicing them from below the conference table. Joan, a natural red- headed with the bust to make any man crazy, had decided to go with a Japanese intern -- a petite one at that. Betty, a natural blonde, had decided to go with a red-headed male intern. Both interns were already stuffed below the women's dresses as the sound of slurping and mouth-popping filled the conference room.
Joan rubbed her hand through her intern's hair before looking up at Peggy, "You know how it is Peg, once I see someone having fun, I can't shake the feeling." She gave Peggy a wink. "And once ol' Betty here saw me having fun... well? Let's just say she experienced some feelings of her own."
"I'm giving my exchange student a proper education on American businesswomen. I'm providing him a service, I'll have you know," Betty smirked mischievously as she spread her legs further apart to accommodate her petite intern.
Peggy took her seat across the table of her two colleagues. She sat her planner to the side and motioned for her intern to take a seat next to her. Tim, Peggy's assistant, took a seat cautiously. He looked back and forth between his boss and the women sitting opposite him.
"So? What can I do for you ladies?" Peggy asked innocently.
"Well, we need to go over the Davis account... " Joan pushed her chair back from the desk. She kept her skinny hands on her intern's head as he suctioned his mouth around the base of her cock -- pulling his body out from under the conference table. "... but I seem to have ended up in this wonderful little situation." She looked over to Peggy with a wide smile, "Hey Peg, considering how much you just came down that young mans throat, think I can borrow him for a bit?"
"Mmm, please do! Darling, go over there and help my friend, will you? Make me proud -- I'll be watching... and this may be used in your performance review."
"Yes ma'am." Tim walked around the conference room and approached Joan. He stood awkwardly at her side, looking down at the Japanese teen try and wrap his thin lips around her thick cock. That thing is definitely thicker than Miss Peggys...
"How are you doing miss?"
Joan couldn't stop herself from laughing. "How am I doing? Oh sweetheart -- I'm doing swell. I was hoping you could good boy and help my Haru. Think you can manage?"
"I think so." Tim was incredibly eager to prove his worth once again to Peggy, and now Joan and even Betty. He dropped to his knees and inched himself closer to Haru. The Japanese boy never once stopped servicing his bosses' cock -- a discipline Tim started experiencing jealousy over. Tim snuggled up to Joan's left leg to bring his eyes closer to the action. Like a little boy reaching up for his mothers' hand, Tim instinctually reached out for support by grabbing the woman's toned leg. He didn't know where to begin and felt it was rude to try and push himself into the center of action. Inch by inch he brought his face closer to Haru's. He felt like a puppy trying to show its harmlessness to an alpha.
"Go on, cutie. He'll share," Joan said encouragingly. She pulled the Japanese boy's head off of her cock. She held his head tightly by his short black hair as she rubbed her cock head under his nose. "You're like a good doggy -- you won't forget this scent." She aimed her turgid cock straight at Tim. "Go ahead, Tim"
Tim looked back over his shoulder to his boss. To his delight she perched herself up in her seat to get a better view of the action unfolding in front of her. God, I love seeing interns being used as cock sluts. Her best friend Joan had her legs spread wide. Between them? Two of the cutest interns their company could find. Joan's green dress had been pulled all the way up around her waist. Her enormous and plump balls sat comfortably on the office chair. She had a very straight cock that stood proudly upright. She watched with joy as her intern, fresh off of swallowing her own seed, was about to have round two.
Tim looked down the barrel of Joan's cock. It was absurdly thick and had the most mushroom looking head he'd ever seen. Joan's cock wasn't particularly veiny -- but it featured a few prominent veins that made it look powerful, he thought, as silly as that sounded. She had a short patch of dark red pubic hair around the base of her cock. As he moved his face in closer he was able to study her ballsack. Unlike his boss Peggy's, Joan's balls were perfectly smooth and hairless. There wasn't a single ridge or vein on them. Quite unique, he thought. It was fitting too. The woman with the largest breasts in the office had the largest dick he's seen so far. Particularly, her balls blew the rest of the women out of the water.
Tim reached his hand out to lift Joan's cock. *SLAP* He felt a cold shock jolt through his body. He immediately looked back towards Peggy who was chuckling. He turned and looked back at Joan. "My interns don't touch me with their hands unless I ask. You can use your mouth and your mouth only." Tim's face began to burn where her hand made impact.
"Sorry ma'am..."
Tim opened his mouth and lowered it towards her cock. Joan flexed her kegals and made her cock dance. It jumped and moved around to the delight of Haru and Betty.
"Come on Tim get after it!" Betty chimed in.
Reluctant no more, Tim nearly launched his face down towards Joan's cock. His lips made contact with her cock head when he immediately realized this thing is really fucking thick. He opened his mouth wider to accept her girth. For a few moments he nursed on her head like an infant on a nipple. He was savoring the smoothness of her cock head while appreciating the warmth and smell of her crotch. Joan's cock was already covered in spit and pre-cum from the enthusiastic work of Haru.
Tim's was surprised at how much thicker her cock was than Peggy's. In fact he was lucky -- had he not given Peggy a blowjob just minutes ago, his throat likely wouldn't be prepared to take Joan's. He began his usual cock sucking plays. He used his tongue to line the bulging rim of her cock head. He loved feeling the soft sponge of her glans followed immediately by the hard shaft on his tongue. He tried his best to take more of her into his throat while he danced his tongue on the underside of her cock.
"My my... what a winner you picked, Peg. I'm sure this little guy has a sister or two back home who've taught him a few things."
"You know you're probably right. I was thinking something just like that." Peggy watched from over the table. She had quite an intense orgasm but was already feeling a stirring feeling in her crotch.
"Mouth off."
Tim looked up at the woman the cock in his mouth belonged to. He popped open his jaw and left his mouth agape. Joan lifted the boy's head off her cock and pushed him back.
"Now, I want you two to both work on me. Both of you on my cock. Or one on my cock and one on my balls. Or surprise me and both of you can suck on my balls while I slap my cock on your face. You can pick - in fact, surprise me. We're giving these two ladies quite the performance so try not to disappoint them."
For the first time Haru looked at Tim. The two never had to say a word to each other. They broke eye contact and both threw their bodies towards the standing Joan. Without hesitation both interns positioned their heads on either side of Joan's crotch and started lapping and sucking at her low-hanging smooth balls.
"Wow, are they related? They didn't even say a thing to each other!" Betty laughed while her own intern paused his oral worship to watch the performance.
"This is getting me going, I'll tell you that..." Peggy stood up and pulled her panty hose down to let her hardening cock free. It was still sticky from the dry spit and cum Tim had left.
Joan was a tall woman. It made her look taller having two interns on their knees in front of her -- their faces buried into her crotch. Her cock stuck straight out from her body defying gravity. It bounced and twitched with excitement as her testicles were getting the attention of a lifetime. She placed both her hands on her hips for a moment. She just wanted to enjoy the view before she really made them work for it.
Outside the conference room a small crowd began to form. The conference room's interior wall was mostly window and had shades that hadn't been closed. Folks were able to see the management team break in their new interns. You could hear giggles and whispers as the women of the office started gossiping about the situation they were experiencing.
Joan was satisfied with the attention her balls were receiving. She grabbed her cock by the base and began slapping each boys face back and forth. A thick, wet *thwop* filled the room with each slap. Although Haru's spit covered face began to get red from each cock slap his oral worship didn't slow down. The boy's taste for cock couldn't be satiated.
"If you Japanese boys are all like this then we need to talk to your school" Joan mused.
"It's really amazing. Do they teach this in your schools?" Peggy asked, rubbing her thickening member slowly.
Haru didn't respond. He was too busy popping Joan's right testicle into his mouth and licking it all over. Joan, proud of her intern, gave the boy what he wanted.
"Go ahead Haru, no licking, just smell it." Haru immediately put his nose to her penis. He sniffed her entire shaft and particularly the head of the cock. He was in love with the way his bosses cock smelled. He shoved his head between the underside of her dick and her plump nutsack and let the smell wash over his face. Tim watched on with jealousy.
Joan grabbed Haru's head and pushed him lower between her legs and balls. She let him keep sniffing her as she then pulled Tim in closer.
"Haru likes to smell my cock. Won't you be a dear and do the same?"
Without hesitating Tim ran his nose down the woman's entire shaft. He took deep breathes as he looked up at the red head. He cheated a bit and licked a few portions of her cock.
"You smell so delicious... can I please have more?"
Joan pulled the boy's head back by his hair and pushed her thick cock head into his nostrils. "You're going to be just like Haru. You're going to know when I enter this building and when I leave just by my scent. You understand me?"
"Yes ma'am."
"Good. Now open up."
Joan grabbed Tim's ears. She waited for his mouth to be wide open before plunging her cock as deep as she could into his throat. She didn't even hesitate or give him a chance to breathe. Peggy shrieked from the site across the table. Audible *GLUGS* filled the room as Tim's throat barrier repeatedly was punched by Joan's dense cock. She picked up her pace as Haru began slurping at her balls. He would pop one of them into his mouth at a time and suck on them, effectively pulling and stretching her balls out.
Joan threw Tim's head off her cock. She violently reached for Haru and began fucking his face with the same speed and determination. Haru could take Joan a lot deeper than Tim. Peggy's intern sat there and watched as Joan used Haru like a cock sleeve. The tall toned woman seemed not to tire from the constant hip thrusting that was required to fuck their faces.
"You know what the best thing about this is?" Joan asked to her colleagues.
"What's that?" Betty alertly responded. She was on the verge of pumping her cum down her interns throat.
"That these slutty boys are still fully clothed. They're just insatiable for what we're giving them. I'm sure they're straining down there as well... but goodness, it's fun denying them that release."
"Who cares? They're OUR interns," Peggy quipped back. She was now leaning back in her chair and watching the face fucking Joan is providing. She loved having Tim for herself, but she couldn't deny how incredibly arousing it was to watch Joan be serviced by two cute interns.
Joan let go of Tim and Haru's hair. She finally had worked herself up to a sweat. She sat back down into her seat -- her cock still hungry for more.
"I want both of you licking my dick up and down."
"Yeah! Harmonica her cock!" Betty piped up once again.
"Is that what it's called? Ha!" Joan grinned. The two interns crawled over to her seat. Haru and Tim turned their heads parallel to the floor as they approached Joan's cock. They brought their lips to either side of her cock and began licking and kissing her shaft up and down. They locked eyes and maintained their cock-craved focus on each other while they worked her fuck stick.
"Well look at these two love birds," Peggy giggled. "Are you making love to her dick or do you two want a room?" This drew a chuckle from Joan.
"No ma'am." Tim said, taking his mouth off Joan's penis for a moment. "We don't need a room."
"Better not be up to anything funny after work, you two. That's strictly prohibited." Joan said jokingly. She really didn't care what they did. "Besides, you can't replace my cock or Peggy's with each other's. There's really no replacing them, boys."
"Of course not," Tim replied.
"Ok Peg -- I think I'm ready to give your intern his test. If he can swallow everything I give him -- he passes for today. Haru has already taken two of my tests today and passed so he doesn't need to be involved on this one."
"Miss Joan!" Haru shouted. Peggy, Tim, and Betty all looked in amazement. These were the first words any of them had heard the boy say.
"It's ok, dear. I'll have plenty for you later on, ok? You've been doing so good -- of course you'll be rewarded. Don't worry honey."
Haru looked up at Joan as he tried to hold back tears. Joan looked down at her Japanese intern, her thick cock covering half of his face from her view, her balls resting lazily on his chin.
"Ok, prepare yourself Tim. This is your test for today. If you fail we'll have to discipline you. Are you ready?"
"Yes Miss Joan." Tim said. He looked up past her twitching cock at the red headed woman. Her red lipstick still looked freshly applied.
"Good boy. Let's begin." Joan grabbed the backside of Tim's head with her left hand and grabbed the top of his hair with her right. She pulled the intern over her cock and hesitated a second. She gave the boy a final moment to catch his breath before she began her final relentless assault on his throat.  
Joan shoved the boys mouth deep down her cock. She felt her cock head push past his throat's first barrier. A loud *GLOP* filled the room. She pushed her hips into the boys face and held him there for a few moments.
"You're taking this a lot better than I expected. Let's ramp this up, shall we?"
Joan kept her hands locked on the boys head as she began working her hips into his face. Her cock pumped in and out of his mouth as more and more spit seeped down her shaft and onto her balls. Joan pumped his face at an increasing speed, *GLUCK GLUCK* filling the room as she repeatedly pressed against his throat barrier.
"What a comfortable throat you have mmmm," she moaned. "If I didn't have Haru I'd have to fight you for this one, Peg." Joan could hear Haru whimper off to the side.
"Haru -- look at me, honey." Haru immediately looked at his boss and held her eye contact. She kept her focus entirely on Haru even though she was mouth fucking Tim at an ever increasing speed. "You're still my intern, darling. Don't worry -- I'm just test riding this one, ok?"
Haru nodded. He felt just a little bit better.
Joan let her hand off Tim's hair only for a moment so she could slap his face. She anchored his head by her own cock in his throat as she slapped him. She could feel the vibrations through his head on her own cock.
"Now Tim. When I cum you don't waste a drop of it. Understood?"
Tim tried to respond but only made a wet gurgle sound. Joan seemingly approved as she didn't stop. The red head picked up her pace and really pushed Tim's head down into her crotch. He began to feel her balls bouncing up into his chin. That sensation was coming back to Joan -- it was increasing the likelihood that she'd cum.
"Mmm fuck, hope you're ready...."
Joan re-gripped Tim's head by grabbing the sides. She began violently shoving her hips into his face as her cock soared in and out of his throat. Peggy and Betty both watched and listened to the sounds of gagging and slurping fill the room.
Joan took one final moment before pushing Tim as deeply as she could into her pelvis. She held his head in place as her balls started to contract. Tim felt her shaft began to pump and twitch as she climaxed. He could feel each shot of seed she was about to release from the muscle spasms in her cock.
Joan let out a deep and lusty moan as she came. Tim coughed and gagged as the woman squirt shot after shot of hot female sperm deep into his throat. There was no need to swallow -- she was ejaculating so far down his throat she bypassed the entire process. Tim's jaw was locked open as her thick shaft impregnated his throat. His eyes began rolling to the back of his head as his air supply diminished. All he could do is taste her cum and he loved everything about it. He was literally a human cock sleeve in this moment.
"Holy fuck...." Joan let out a high-pitched moan. Slowly she let Tim's head up. From the side Betty watched in aww as inch after inch of her cock was freed from his throat. It felt like she saw thirteen inches of flawless woman cock disappear and now reappear in front of her.
"That's so incredible. Oh my god..." Betty started spasming a bit spastically as she herself began to cum. Her intern jerked her cock fast and aimed it right at his face. Betty had a thing for cumshots -- her interns' job was to take as many facial selfies as he could.
Tim took a deep breath before falling backwards onto his ass. He looked up and back at his boss Peggy. He could tell by the mess on the table that she also had her own orgasm and was still coming down from it.
"Did... did I pass?" He asked Joan.
Joan stood up in front of Tim. Her cock was still twitching from her recent orgasm as strands of spit and cum dripped from all over her shaft.
"You should be very proud -- you passed with flying colors!"
"Thank you, ma'am." Tim responded. He felt a sense of pride and accomplishment. My friends are going to be so jealous he thought.
"So uhhhh -- about that meeting?" Joan said with a chuckle.
Peggy sighed as she fixed her dress, "Yeah... about that..."