Tomboy at the bullies party
by Sarah Ds Stories 

My mother had been good friends with Kerrie's Mother since both were children. Kerrie was an evil little cow and often her and her gang tormented boys and girls alike in our school. Anyway because of our mothers friendship I was forced to go to her birthday party. She was having it at a soft play gym of all places which was usually for ages 7-11. However with her Father owning the place they let her have the entire complex for the night despite us all being teenagers. Not only this but she was allowed to have the party unsupervised as it was only supposed to be us girls with the adults having a drink in the bar attached in the next building over. My heart dropped as I turned up and realised that none of my friends were there. The group of 15ish girls including most of her gang and hangers on eyed me giggling as I stood there awkwardly.

Their whispering made me feel suspicious. My mother left me to go get drunk with the other parents. "Oooo what are you doing here, it's supposed to be girl only " laughed Kerrie getting a round of giggles from the other girls. I was a tomboy and had often been teased for this by Kerrie and her hangers on. I felt so out of place, I feared I would just be bored the whole night and be left out of their games. Looking back I wish that had been the case...

It turned out Kerrie wasn't joking, "Hey Sandy" she laughed to one of the other girls. "Give me your sister's clothes I asked you to bring" I was confused but soon her meaning became apparent. "Ye here" she laughed, taking a short pink dress out of her bag. "That's good because this is a girls only party and so it looks like we need to dress this little boy up appropriately" I stood there shocked but soon I realised she wasn't joking. Sandy then pulled out a pair of embarrassing childrens knickers as well, they were white with a pink lacy trim. Usually I only wore boyshorts despite the regular snarky comments from the other girls when changing for PE "Go on Samantha, be a good little girl and go put these on for us" Kerrie laughed holding up the dress and knickers up for me. "No way!" I complained backing away. I was very reluctant as I had heard Kerrie and her cronies in school the previous day talking about a few boys sneaking in. The girls obviously just wanted to embarrass me by having me in the short kiddy dress and knickers for when the boys turned up. The play equipment would also mean my underwear would be constantly exposed.

"OOOo we will have to do it the fun way then, strip her girls!" She laughed! I turned and run into the play area. It was like the most terrifying game of chase ever. The girls were laughing and screaming behind me as I ran across the soft mats and up the stairs to the higher levels. I didn't know how I would escape but I couldn't bear the thought of boys even seeing me in my own underwear never mind the childish girly ones they wanted me to wear. My heart was racing as I climbed a net getting to the top level.

Some of the girls were a lot taller and faster than me and I quickly found a hand grabbing on the bottom of my fairly loose jeans. There was much laughter as I felt them starting to get pulled down as I tried to climb over the top of the net. I could have let go and tried to hold onto them but I realised that the rest of the girls would have been able to easily grab me and drag me down if I did so. It was mortifying but at the time I thought it was the best option as I felt them slip fully down my and off my legs.

I had to kick them off to stop myself being dragged down with them. I pulled myself over the ledge and looked down to see a couple more girls laughing holding up my jeans like a trophy. "got her pants!" they shouted in glee. "Nice undies! another laughed as I pulled my T-shirt down like a very short dress to cover my bright blue boyshorts. The girls started to climb up the net after me so I turned and ran way. The groups of laughing girls had split up and so I quickly had to jump through two foam padded rollers which reminded me of a carwash to escape them. I looked back to see a girl squeezing through giving me a view down her vest top from that position reminding me how small my own tits were in comparison to the curvy girl and her ample cleavage.

I cursed myself for the distraction, the last thing I needed was to be caught. Up ahead a fat girl was about to block my path. There was a slide off to her side that led into the ball pool. A quick glance made me realise this might be a way to escape. I pretended to try to tuck past her one way but instead jumped down the slide legs first. However I quickly found myself grabbed by the arms in her tight vice grip. The girl was much stronger than me and I found myself stuck hanging in the tube slide. "Quick to the ball pool, I’ve got her" she laughed, shouting down to the other girls who started swarming below us . A few seconds later that felt like an eternity I heard voices below. "Come down little boy, it's time to show us all your undies" I knew it was Kerrie’s voice.

Right then I longed to be pulled up but instead the girl holding me shifted her grip from my wrists to the sleeves of my modest long sleeve t-shirt and pulled upwards. Gravity did ithe rest of the work and I found myself sliding sight out of it. About halfway down the slide I braced myself against the walls in just my little blue boy shorts and my vest. I was dreading getting to the bottom to be almost naked and surrounded by my tormentors so I managed to stop myself and looked up to see the big girl grinning down. The fat girl was laughing at me drinking in the sight of my skinny body in just my undies and vest I felt so trapped right then for the moment giving one girl a great view but almost about to fall into a ball pool full of laughing teens that would probably strip me further so I didnt move.

To my horror she flung herself down the slide colliding with me and dragging me down with her. I screamed as I found myself landing in the ball pool surrounded by the other girls. I tried to hide myself but was quickly dragged out. "If you'd have been a good girl we wouldn't have had to do this." Kerrie laughed her eyes went to my undies and vest as I was pulled out of the multicoloured balls. "OOO nice boy panties she laughed" The other girls quickly joined the taunts as I was dragged out of the ball pool.

I was so helpless and humiliated being dragged around in just my undies by the group of girls my own age, I wanted to cry but didn't dare show myself up anymore. I didn't know where my clothes had gone and I was bright red as the girls stared at my skinny legs and modest but still embarrassing underwear. It was then I noticed the three boys entering the play gym from the outside. They were rushing over to get a look at me as I shivered in fear and wide eyed shame.

Sandy approached with the dress and knickers from earlier. "Shall we let her get dressed now?" she asked and Kerrie laughing responded. "Nah, I think we should nudie her first" laughed Kerrie. My heart dropped like a bomb. "What No!" I cried thinking this was the worst thing in the world. I threw myself to the floor narrowly pulling away and escaping the clutches of the shocked girls. As the boys entered this particular mesh room I pushed past them as they looked on in shock getting an embarrassingly close view of me and my pale skinny body. They accidentally blocked the other girls from catching me as I ran back for the ball pool between myself and freedom. However I only got a few steps in before I was tackled by a larger tall girl making me fall into the multicolored sea.

I let out a scream as I felt hands go for my knickers, I tried to hold on for dear life but got a sharp pinch to my side for my troubles. For that split moment I let go. I cried out as my boyshorts were dragged down my legs,luckily I was hidden by the balls as the girls held up my blue panties like a trophy flag.. I was now in the ball pool with only the balls covering my lower half for protection, almost butt naked. The girls didn't bother to restrain me now as they knew I would have to expose my nakedness to escape them and the boys. They surrounded me laughing and blocking the possible exits. Balls bounced off my head as some of the girls started throwing them at me teasing me chanting naked naked naked.

It felt so weird to be practically naked and barely concealed. “What does it feel like to be nekkid?” laughed Kerrie as I curled up in shame. I didn't speak, I wanted to cry. The girls had a great laugh for the next few minutes taunting me saying how they couldn't wait to drag me out and strip me all the way naked for the boys to see.

“Beg me for some underwear” laughed Kerrie and I did, I swallowed what little pride I had. “Please let me have my underwear” I cried. To much laughter she almost made me break down in tears telling her how great she was and how pathetic I was to be naked.

In the end I was forced to crawl to her through the balls and kiss her feet. “Please lovely Kerrie, give me some underwear, I don’t want the boys to see my naked” I begged. She made me stand up and I reluctantly did covering my private area with my two hands. I was naked from the waist down now with my naked bottom on display. A few girls could see it and laughed wolf whistling or calling me mean names like scrawny ass or baby bottom. I kept my covered front to the boys trying my hardest not to let them see my nudity. Not that it was much better. I was a modest girl and would usually have been embarrassed for the boys to see my thin vest that barely hid my bra underneath but this was awful. I was bright red in shame as the group taunted me more and more.

The boys grew wide eyed at seeing me in this state and I could feel their leering eye all over my skinny body. The girls had a massive laugh as Kerrie went behind me and spanked by naked bottom. She hit me hard but I endured without crying as my bare bottom turned red for her. It was then she pulled out the pair white and pink panties from earlier. I looked on in disbelief at the frilly delicate garment.

“You have thirty seconds to get them on and run off before we chase after you, this time when we catch you were going to have some real fun” Karrie laughed. I grabbed the panties in disbelief at what I was doing. I ducked back into the balls and awkwardly pulled them on and was suddenly running out of the ball pool in just a pair tight childish panties and my vest. I was so humiliated as the girls whooped and shouted insults after me as they chased me. Looking to the exit two girls had posited themselves near the connecting door to the adults room waiting to stop me should I try to make a break for it that way.

My skinny body made me look like a little girl running around on the beach without a care, I was devastated as soon the flood of girls was after me. I ran like a mouse away from a wave of cats, there was nowhere safe to run but I couldn't think about the possibility of being caught and my new embarrassing knickers shown off. I couldn't believe I was so exposed as the tight knickers exposed my cheeks mortifyingly from behind.

I ran out of the play area and headed for the nearest toilet hoping to hide in there. “Cheater! We’ll get you worse for this!”I heard Kerrie shout as I ran in and locked the door behind me. Finally I felt safe, soon the girls were laughing and banging on the outside but I was locked inside. “Come out or we’ll strip you butt naked! ” Kerrie shouted at me through the door. I looked down my body clothed in just the humiliating pair of panties and my little vest. Stripped away was all my usual modesty.

To my horror I heard jangling of keys. The girls had helped themselves to the keys behind reception. Suddenly the girls forced open the door and entered my private domain and I was trapped. They pulled me out kicking and screaming and all got an up close humiliating view of me in the little kids panties. The girls grabbed my vest and wrestled it off me, I gave up fighting when Kerrie threatened to take the bra off too if I didn't let them. I was wearing a small grey modest bra that I barely needed. The teasing continued as names like boytits and moscitobites were laughed around. I tried my best to cover up but my arms were pulled away as they dragged me across the worn carpet.

They dragged me over to the mesh wall of the play area where the boys were waiting. I couldn't fight it anymore. It was the end for me. My arms were pulled through the rope mesh and to my horror girls on the other side taped my wrists together holding me in place almost on my tiptoes. I couldn't even crouch down now. The girls had a great laugh at me in panties and bra as I blushed scarlet at the boys attention. The boys were right next to me now looking at every inch of my exposed flesh and intimate garments.

“Ooo look at the little girl” Laughed Kerrie pointing at my crotch covered in just frilly little girl’s underwear and tiny bra. The taunts started again and I wanted to cry. I was tied up unable to cover as they all teased me “Ooo do you like showing off in your knickers and bra?” Kerrie laugh making me shudder. “No” I begged. “Oh so wish you wasn't stood in here wearing your panties and bra?” she asked me bringing more laughs to the girls. “No of course not!” I cried out and suddenly realised what I had said.

Kerrie slowly approached me grinning! “No please!” I begged. all of the girls huddled close now shouting support. This time when my underwear was removed it wasn't quick. A girl from behind me had unclipped my bra through the mesh and instantly the tension released exposing small pale boobs slightly. I let out a shocked cry of shame and the laughing erupted from around me. Kerrie then slowly pulled down my knickers revealing me inch by inch until my few wisps of pubes came into view and then the finale of exposing my private regions to the crowded boys and girls. I burst into tears then as almost all the girls and three boys from my class saw me totally naked.

My small tits were fully exposed to the boys as Kerrie pulled the bra further down. The areas that no boy had seen since I was 5 were now on display for everyone. The girls were all having a great laugh at my expense. I was crying now tears dripped down my face and onto my naked chest further highlighting my nudity. Kerrie took great delight in this calling me a baby. She started slapping my legs hard making me cry out and yell in pain making me shake exposing myself.

The girls then came over with the tape and put some across my mouth so I couldn't scream out enough to alert the adults in the next room. Kerrie took a lot of pleasure from slapping me some more and watching my pained reaction. She even found a ruler from behind the reception desk and had some great fun at my expense whacking me with it all around my naked legs and chest. However the worst was that she found a novel use for the extra strong sticky tape. She applied it to my few pubic hairs and used it like a waxing strip to painful strip me of them. The girls had a great laugh at this saying I was now as bald as a little baby. My dignity was now non-existent as I was left hanging and crying but naked and hairless. Baby, Baby Baby! The girls chanted as a cried out mumblinging into the tape.

I felt Kerries hand trace down my side sending shivers down my spine. “Your my little bitch now and i’m going to make you show off in front front of all of the boys and girls” she whispered, almost tenderly caressing me. Her hand went to my hairless crotch and slowly caressed where she had forcibly removed the hairs. I knew what she was doing but I couldn't stop myself from suddenly starting to getting a bit excited. The girls all had a great laugh as my little tits had gone hard from the exposure and attention as she tickled me in all of the most sensitive places.

She soon backed off laughing at her handy work. If I thought it had been embarrassing before now all the girls could see my true shame. To my horror she got her ruler and looked to be about to whack me. “No please!” I cried into the gag. It was no good though and she went to work again whacking me little sensitive tits causing me to cry out with each blow. They were hypersensitive and each hit was a stinging reminder of my nudity and shame.

I screamed into my gag with each impact as she hit my exposed little tits, left, right, left, right leaving red ruler shaped marks on my pale skin. “Oooh look how the ickle red titties wiggle” she laughed grabbing my side and shaking me. I looking around the surrounding teens, finding no help, just lustful and nasty stares.

“Cut her down.” She laughed and a couple of girls obliged cutting the tape of my arms. I instantly covered my nudity but got a whack for it. “No covering” she laughed. I reached for the tape on my mouth but she stopped me. “You do exactly what I say or I’ll tie you up again and will whack your litty nudie bits you love showing until you wet yourself” She then ripped the tape off me caughing me to cry out again.

“Now play with your little tittes for the boys” she laughed and made me fondle my own breasts in front of the leering boys and laughing girls. I tried to keep my legs closed the best I could but it was no good, with even my few pubes gone I was totally exposed and everyone was getting a great look at me and my growing excitement. “The little slut is loving it!” laughed Kerrie as I was visibly red and hot now.

“Ok now lay down and spread your legs for the boys” I looked at her in horror. I tried to run again but her and her friends grabbed me and dragged me to the ground. My arms and legs were pinned between four different girls as they held me starfished on the floor totally naked and exposed. The shame that flooded through me right there was unreal. “Two choices play with yourself or I’ve got a great target for my spanking ruler” Laughed Kerrie running the ruler down my body towards my newly exposed spread privates. I was so exposed and humiliated right then, I tried my best to close my legs but the girls overpowered me keeping me as exposed as possible. I looked up into the ring of taunting onlookers seeing now help or support. The boys watched me like a trance, seeing parts of a girl they had only dreamed about.

One of my arms was released and guided by Kerrie towards my wet and exposed area. I did the unthinkable and I started slowly rubbing myself. Kerrie and her cronies kept shouting encouragement “faster, faster” they teased and I would get a painful hit with the ruler every time I tried to object or slow down. The first betraying moans sent a wave of shame through me and a round of mad laughter through the group. Kerrie forced me to keep rubbing and rubbing making me go faster and fast while everyone laughed and taunted at me in glee.

As My breaths grew deeper II swallowed my shame “Please no! I’m gonna cum!” I whispered to the girls holding me as I tried to slow down. “Faster!” Kerrie yelled whacking me again stinging me across my pointy nipple once again. “Don’t you dare slow down” she laughed gesturing to my tits with the ruler as a threat. I needed to stop, at this speed I wasn't controlling myself. “Please ! I’m gonna cum!” I moaned again and after a few more seconds louder this time at the grinning Kerrie who took great pleasure from this and just shouted “Faster slut faster cum for us”. I did feeling the most sexually charged I had ever felt in my life.

I stopped dead, not daring to rub another stroke, I was clearly wet and about to explode much to everyone's amusement and suspence. “No please”I cried out as Kerrie grabbed my hand again and forced it over my most intimate area. She forced my hand down over the area and after a few seconds I couldn't help it. My body took over and I was grinding against my own hand and the added pressure from Kerries hand pushing down. I closed my eye totally lost in the sexual act, how could something so shameful and embarrassing feel so good

The girls had all let me go after a few seconds of this and my other traitorous hand now crept towards my naked tits and cassressed them as I humped my other hand openly. There I was laid on the flood surrounded by a ring of onlookers rubbing my self to the edge of orgasum. I let out a moan and then a few more unable to stop myself as I neared the point of no return. My fingers slipped in as I did when alone at home and horney. Nothing had ever felt so good in my entire life. Nothing mattered by the feeling building inside me.

I erupted into an epic orgasm. I screamed and moaned and grinded faster and faster into my own hand and fingers. Everything had happened so fast. There I was naked and alone on the floor, I had just committed the most private and humiliating of acts in front of all of the other girls and three boys to witness. The excitement and flood of hormones quickly left me and the realisation dawned on me of what I had just done.

I felt cold and shamed as I looked up into the disbelieving eyes of my class. Laughter burst out around me as sanity restored to the room. From this day I was known as the little slut who had masturbated myself to a loud crazy orgasum in front of half of the class. 