					Whats Your Pleasure  VI


Chapter 9

I left the house very shortly after my pledge of devotion to Jack. It was Saturday and I had my usual errands to run. I returned shortly afternoon and found Jack, on the couch, engrossed in college football. 
I had just finished putting my stuff away when the doorbell rang.

Ill get it, wondering, who it could be. As it turned out it was the other Jack. He was wearing the same sweatshirt, jeans and in his hand he held an overnight bag. I didnt see any makeup but his nails were polished a bright red. Hi, come on in. I leaned forward to kiss him but he ducked around me into the living and stopped short.

Following quickly behind him, Jack, I said to my son, meet Jack. I met him this week and told him he could drop by anytime. The just nodded at each other, with Jack (my son) returning to his game and 
the other jack moving off to the kitchen and I followed

Im really glad to see you taking him in my arms. Dont he replied and wiggled out of the embrace,
sitting down in the nearest chair.

I forgot Jack was back and really wanted to see you. The other day was so wonderful. Ive never felt so alive, but now 

Have meet Jack before I asked.

Yea, I seen him around school but were not friends or anything. He always acts so tough. He calls kids like me sissy and fagots. He and his friends think they own the school.

Even though hes known that he was gay for a long time, he doesnt advertising it. My guess is that hes  hiding behind the words so that hell fit in.

Really, Jacks a fag too, his voice brightening.

Yea, but I wouldnt say that to his face. He beat the crap out of you. Hes in really good shape. At the thought of his body, my cock gave a jerk. Whats the bag, pointing to the overnight case.

My mother and sister went away and wont be back till tomorrow so I was hoping to stay here, his voice rising again, but  

As far as I am concerned, Jack and Jackie are always welcome in this house, whether, my son Jack is here or not.!

With that he flew into my arms and said in his girl voice, Thanks, Daddy, I love you

Go get changed. Ill talk to Jack. With that, he picked up his bag and headed to the bathroom.

I went out into the living room sitting down on the sofa next to Jack. I explained to my son that Jack was the young boy I fucked in the porn store and we bonded when I gave him a ride home.  During the ride, he told me how his father and run off with another woman, when I he was very young and at an early age, his sister had made him dress up in girls clothes, put make up on him and taught him how to be a girl. At first, he hated it but after awhile, he got to enjoy being a girl. But he was so ashamed about his secret that as a boy he retreated to his computer. When I dropped him off, I mentioned where I lived and that he was welcome to drop by anytime, figuring he never would. I went on to say that he did indeed take me up on the offer. The next thing I know, this beautiful teenager is standing at the door.
Its Jack as Jackie. I invited her in and before I knew it my cock was down her throat . After dinner, I made proper love to her, not fucking her like I did in the store. (I didnt tell my son that I had fallen in love with this boy/girl.)

Just then, the bathroom door opened and Jackie stepped out. I got hard just looking at her. She was wearing a sleeveless button down shirt that tapered to a tight leather skirt that ended mid-thigh. She turned around to giving us a view of her ass which was taunt against the material. To emphasis her butt, she ran her hand over her cheeks. When she got to the hem , she quickly flashed us her red silken panties. Turning back to us, I could tell that her bra was the same color as her panties. She had put on eye shadow that accentuated her hazel eyes and the rich red lipstick showed off her full lips. Brush a tray  hair from her face I saw that she had also painted her nails I could tell that the polish matched her undies.. She used the same barrettes to keep her hair from falling into her eyes. On her legs she had put on a sheer pair of white stockings that ended in a pair of black pumps.

My dick got instantly hard. I looked over at Jack and could see a slight tent in his pants. I knew this was she was headed for trouble. She was going to claim me in front of Jack. That I was her man but I knew she was going to lose. I was Jacks, first and foremost and he was going to prove it to her very shortly. 
The beginnings of humility sprang into my gut. I knew that whatever Jack asked of me, I would do. I was his, he knew it and I knew it but Jackie didnt know it. 

I felt sorry for Jackie but there was nothing I could do. The game had to be played out. At the same time,
I had fallen in love with her when I made love to her right her on the sofa I was sitting on. I just hoped that she could accept what was going to happen and stay with me.  But then I thought of Jack and how he made me feel when he fucked me. How his cock filled me up and that when it wasnt there, I felt empty. I visualized his hard cock. The mushroom head, that fit so perfectly in my mouth. I could see
the veins running down its 10 hard length ending in a bush of soft black hair. I was his bitch,and I was in heat. My cock was already leaking.

Shaking my head, I returned to the present with a slight smile on my face because soon it would happen. 
Jackie had stopped in front of Jack, stuck out her hand and said Hi, Im Jackie

Jack was monetarily stunned but he recovered. Always the gentlemen, my Jack,  taking her hand and shaking it. 

Nice to meet you, Jackie.  Have a seat down

Thank you kind sir giving Jack one of her best smiles. In one smooth motion, she sat down next to me, her hip touching mine and slipped her legs under at the same time putting an arm around me, sending the first volley at Jack. It was powerful. I could see that it hit it mark on Jack.

Not knowing how to respond, He got up and headed to the kitchen. Be right back, Im thirsty.

Meanwhile, Jackie licked my earlobe and whispered, Daddy, Im so hot.  I need you to fuck me. You wanna fuck your little boy/girl dont you? My pussys hungry for daddys big cock.

God, I wanted to throw her on her back, rip her panties off and shove my cock up boy pussy. But as suddenly as the feeling came, it was gone. Replace by the image of Jack fucking me; my legs spread wide open, my hips meeting every thrust

Just then, Jack returned but instead of sitting on the sofa, he plopped down in on of the stuffed chairs.
and began to make small talk. You could feel the tension in the air. Every so often, Jackie would graze my nipples with the arm around my shoulder. At the same time, her other hand would find its way to my crotch, giving my cock a little squeeze. 

Jack noticed all of this but continued on as if nothing happened. I could seen that Jackie felt that she was winning and got even bolder. She pulled down my zipper and released my now hard cock. I could see that Jack had had enough.

Dad, I would like you to strip and get on your hands and knees. 

My cock went instantly soft in her hands.

What did you say, Jack? her voice full of astonishment.

I said,  I want my dad to strip and get on your hands and knees because Im going to fuck him.

This time she heard him and cried, Daddy, dont.

I was frozen. I didnt want to her hurt her, even worse, I didnt want to lose her. Each of them looked at me, waiting for my decision. There was no decision to be made. I had given myself totally and completely to Jack. 

Standing up, I began removing my shirt. From behind me, Jackie wailed, Please daddy, dont do this. You dont have to do this.

My hunger for Jacks cock grew at the same rate as my humility for Jackie. I loved them both. My heart ached for Jackie but I was Jacks, to do with as he pleased. I wanted him, needed him. I couldnt refuse him. Stepping out of my pants, I kneeled on the floor. My ass raised, my head buried in my hands away from where Jackie sat.. I couldnt look at her. I felt so ashamed but hungry to be fucked. My cock hung limply between my legs.

Turn around and face her, Jack commanded. Without raising my head, I crawled around so that I was pointed in her direction.

I hear Jack unzip his pants then I hear Jackie exclaim, Ohmygod Without looking, I knew that she had her first look at his meat. I felt him move up behind me. Instinctively, I spread my legs wider allowing him better access to my hole. I felt his hand grab my hips and mount me. As his cock entered me I moaned and hissed yes. When he was fully in me, he paused and I hear Jackie crying softly. Then he began fucking me, slowly, with a sawing motion. Each time he penetrated me, I moaned. The heat was rising in my body and my hips pushed back to capture more of him. I was truly in heat, I was delirious. All I could think about was cock. How it filled my belly. How it made me feel warm all over. In the distance I hear Jackie say Why, daddy why?

Then I hear Jacks clear voice, Yes, Dad, why are you letting your son fuck you. Filling you with his
hard cock.

Because Im Jacks bitch I hissed into my hands

What, she did hear you. Look at her and tell her why you son is pumping his boy meat in and out of your ass.

Lifting my head, I looked at Jackie. She was crying and her eye make was running down her cheeks.
Looking her in the eye, Because Im Jacks bitch. With that said, I lost all sanity, FUCK ME LIKE THE BITCH THAT I AM! RAM THAT COCK INTO ME! LET ME FEEL IT IN MY THROAT! GIMME ALL OF YOUR HARD BOYCOCK! FILL MY BELLY! IM A BITCH IN HEAT! GIVE IT TO ME!

Through my delirium, I hear footsteps running toward the kitchen but at this point I did care. I was getting what I needed. Jack was pounding away at my ass and I could get enough. My cock had come to life and was as hard as a rock. The pressure building inside my head and cock were build to the point where I thought they would explode. My hips kept pace with Jacks pounding. Without knowing it, I had tighten my asshole around his cock which intensified the feeling in my head and crotch. Finally when I  thought I would pass out. I exploded! My cock spewed it juices on the rub beneath me and my head
felt like a nuclear explosion went off.  I felt blinded and ripped into a million pieces. This feeling continued for what seem hours but only a few minutes had passed. 

Returning to the present, Jack was ramming his cock into me for all he was worth. I could tell that he was close. With one final thrust, he shot his load into me, coating me with his seed. He continued to fuck me, but his strokes were less and less powerful until he fell out of me. I felt so empty. I dropped to the rug, into the pool of cum that I had deposited.  I hear Jack pick up his pants and head to the stairs. He took two at a time. I just lay there basking in the afterglow. I was Jacks bitch and I didnt care who knew it!

It was then that I remembered Jackie. I heard her crying softly behind the bathroom door. Putting on my pants, I headed towards her. Knocking on the door got no response so I opened it. She was sitting on the toilet crying into some tissues. Kneeling in front of her, I raised her head and looked into her teary eyes.
I love you baby girl 

I love you too, daddy but why?

Wiping away a tear I said, Ive love Jack as my son since the day he was born. It was only recently that I came to love him as a man. I cant deny him anything. Can you understand that?

Still sniffling, she responded, Yes, daddy, I can. Thats the way I feel about you. You turned Jack into Jackie and I love you will all my hard and soul.

I didnt respond, I took her in my arms and held her. Ill always be here with and for you, my darling little girl. Kiss?

We broke the embrace and we kissed. Not a violent kiss but a kiss full of love and affection. Our tongues did a ballet, moving to the same rhythm. The kiss ended  and I looked into her eyes. The sparkle and shine had returned. 

Daddy, please drop your pants and turn around.

Wordlessly, I did as I was asked. She spread my cheeks and began to lapped at the still liquid cum that 
oozed from my ass. When there was no more, she pushed her tongue into me. I was amazed, my cock sprang to it fullest. She wasnt tongue fucking me but rather cleaning me. I pushed back with my asshole
forcing the remaining liquid onto her waiting tongue. 

When she felt there was no more she moved away at the same time turning me around. My engorged cock slapped against her cheek. Moving her mouth, she captured me and began to suck. She used her mouth like a vacuum, trying to draw the remaining seed out of me. I stood still and let her do the work.
She was showing me how much she loved me. As for me I was surprised that I could get so hard so 
quick. Lean back against the sink, I let her work. With each suck, I could feel the cum rising out of my balls only to fall back. This time I knew she would win and gave over to the feeling. She sucked me lovingly, each time my cum rising farther down my penis. Finally, I could take it any more and deposited what fluid I had left in her mouth. When she could get no more out of me, she let me fall 
from her mouth. 

Looking up at me she stated, Daddy, I pledge myself to you like you have pledged yourself to Jack. I will deny you nothing. You can do with me what you will. I am your servant and your slave.

Kissing her gently, I wiped her eyes and said, I will never treat you like a servant or a slave. Fix your make up and come out, Its time for dinner. 

Leaving to get fixed up, I moved to the bottom of the stairs and yelled Jack, what do you want for dinner.

I dont care was the response. Jackie had finished fixing her face and had come to stand beside me.

Jack, can you come down here for a minute.

Be right with you Shortly after he came bounding down the stairs stopping short of Jackie. She just lowered her head.

Im sorry, Jack, for my behavior before. I love your father and I can love you too. At which point, she dropped to her knees and reached for his zipper. But before she had chance to free Jacks cock, he pulled her to her feet and kissed her on the lips.

Welcome to the family, Jackie A big smile spread across his face. 

Thank you, Jack, Im so happy and hugged him with all her strength.

This calls for a celebration, how about the restaurant at the corner. Jackie, go get change and were off

Letting go of Jack, Standing as tall as possible, she looked at me at me and said, No, daddy, Im going like this!

Ok, family, then were off.

(to be continued?)

As Always Comments/Suggestions welcome
tylerthane@yahoo.com
