CAROLINE SPANKED

BY MASTER CHRIS

Part 1

Spankings in my life didn't used to be as hard on me as they seem
to be now. My name is Caroline, I'm 16, in high school, and
overall have a pretty great life. I'm an only child but my
parents are loving and have provided just about anything a
teenage cheerleader could ever ask for. Unfortunately for me,
they also provide plenty of discipline.

I can remember when I was small, well, up until I was 11.
Spankings seemed to be a fairly simple affair. After all, in our
neighborhood, spankings of naughty children is almost universal.
Virtually all of my friends have been spanked. When I was
younger, we used to talk about it like a badge of honor. Back
then if I was naughty or broke the rules, I'd find myself
instantly upended, my skirt up or my shorts down and my panties
at my knees. Mom or Dad would pepper my little bum all over until
it was blowtorch hot and then it would be over. Well, mostly. I'd
still get corner time with my red bottom showing. That still
happens even now and has since as long as I can remember.

I must say that I hate corner time. For more minor offences, I'm
in the corner after a spanking for a minute for each year of my
age, 16 minutes at the moment. My bottom in this situation is, of
course burning hot and, I'm not allowed to either touch it or
cover it up. It's embarrassing to be standing in the corner at my
age but once my sobbing is under control, it's mostly boring. I
have to wait until my time is up then the punishment is over and
I can go back to whatever I was in the middle of doing. It's a
hundred times worse if there is someone other than my parents in
the room which happens from time to time but even that's not the
worst part of my spankings now.

To talk about how I'm punished, I've really got to go back to
when I was 11. That's when everything changed.

We have a swimming pool you see. As I said, my parents have done
their best for me and having our own pool was a luxury. I guess
with both parents working and only one kid, they could afford
those kinds of luxuries and I used to love having friends over
for pool parties.

No friends were over that day. It was just my Dad and me. He was
sitting reading the paper and I was splashing around the pool on
a hot summer day. Eleven was a tough year for me I guess. Puberty
had started with a vengeance. I had my own little boobies. They
weren't much to look at and weren't the biggest of my classmates
but many of my friends were still complete flat so I was pretty
proud of my pink tipped cones. Mom had me in an A cup training
bra that made me feel like a grown up woman. My periods hadn't
started yet but I was starting to see the first dash of hair on
my otherwise bare pussy and this also made me feel like a grown
up.

That being said, I'd been sticking my nose further and further up
in the air and no doubt irritating the heck out of my parents
when what would be a major change in my life suddenly occurred.

"Dad, I need to go to the mall to go shopping," I announced from
the side of the pool.

"I'll see about going later today Caroline," he said as he tried
to absorb the sports page.

"No, you need to drive me before lunch," I replied imperiously as
though he was my driver, standing by to whisk me wherever I
desired.

"I *said* later today Caroline," he said.

I should have taken the hint from his tone of voice but it was
hear that I made my fatal error.

"Dad, don't be so lazy, what are you doing anyway? Reading the
paper? You could drive me if you'd just put your paper away!"

There was a long silence. I knew immediately that I'd stepped
over the line. Even then, I could have recovered. An instant but
sincere apology would have set it all right. But no, I was too
'mature' to apologize.

"Pardon my young lady?" He was giving me one last chance to save
my dignity.

I swiveled from the side of the pool and pushed off but my mouth
was running just a inch ahead of my brain. As I turned I said
under my breath but plenty loud enough for my father to hear me,
"Old Fart".

My life changed at that moment.

My back was turned but I could hear my father leap out of his
chair.

"Caroline Mary! Get your butt out of that pool right this
instant.

I turned and could see he was red-faced. I was now in trouble and
there was nothing I could do to stop what was sure to happen.

I swam to the shallow end and walked up the pool steps. My father
was standing there waiting. As soon as I as in reach, he had a
firm grasp of my left ear and I was helplessly propelled into the
house.

"I'm sorry," I cried as, slightly bent over, I was painfully
pulled into the living room.

"Too little, too late, young lady," said my Dad and I knew that I
was in for a spanking.

As we got to the living room, I realized with a stunned shock
that I was wearing only my one piece bathing suit and, as I'd
mentioned, spankings in my house were always on a bare bottom.

Dad never let go of my ear as he reached down and pulled the
strap of my bathing suit down off my shoulders.

"No!" I screamed, suddenly mortified that my newfound breasts
were about to become uncovered in front of my father for the
first time.

I reached up to stop him but that got me a sharp smack on the
back of my hands. "Hands DOWN!" he said firmly and my hands
lowered helplessly.

The left strap was pulled down off my shoulders too and now my
father let go of my ear to grab the bathing suit with both hands
and yanked it firmly down to my waist and the pulled it inside
out, over my hips and off.

Suddenly I was trying to cover everything at once, one hand over
my pink nippled boobies, the other trying to hide my light
dusting of blond hair. I burst into tears at this new
humiliation.

My father didn't wait, once the bathing suit was down at my
ankles, I was being pulled over his knee as he sat down on a
handy chair and then was properly in place for a spanking, nude
for the first time in as long as I could remember. I was already
sobbing when the spanking started and, as usual, the super-fast
spanks turned my otherwise white bottom into a fire-engine red
panel of heat. I can't tell you how long it lasted. It might have
been two minutes or twenty but it seemed like it went on for a
week without stopping.

I was hiccupping, I was crying so hard. The spanks didn't let me
catch my breath at all.

It took a minute or so for me to realize that my father's hand
was no longer descending with smacks on my buttocks. Again, I was
pulled to my feet, still sobbing freely. With one hand firmly on
my arm, I was pulled, as usual, to the nearest living room corner
and placed with my nose right in the corner.

"Sixteen minutes, Caroline", he said, as he always does.

It took at least half that time to get my sobbing under control.
As the heat in my bum tuned down to a bright throb, I again
remembered that I was completely nude, standing in front of my
father who had gone outside to the pool deck, retrieved his paper
and was now reading it behind me on his easy chair.

I realized that I still had to turn and face him as I always did
after a spanking. It was horrible enough that he could see not
only my newly spanked bottom but also that I was completely nude
but at least, facing the corner, I was hiding my freshly
developed body. From behind he could see my pale blond-haired
body. I never tanned that quickly and it was early in the summer.
My blond pony tail would have been hanging down my bare back and
the most significant part of the view would have been my beet red
bottom right in the middle of an otherwise smooth white surface.
Once I turned, he was going to see *everything* again!

The last half of those sixteen minutes seemed to last forever as
my mind raced hoping and dreading the corner time to be over.

"That's sixteen minutes Caroline. Come here," said my Dad firmly.

I sobbed again as I turned slowly. Again, my hands were covering
myself both high and low as, with my tiny hands and arms trying
to cover everything. I was hunched over as I stumbled towards
him.

He had put the paper down to give me his full attention. I could
see him looking at me curiously for a moment before a look of
recognition came over his face. I was looking right at him and
could see that he was suddenly readjusting to how mortified I was
standing in front of him. His eyes narrowed as he factored this
into my punishment.

"Alright Caroline," he said slowly in a few quiet but very firm
voice. Put those hands on top of your head."

Fresh tears streamed down my face as my hands inched away from
their job of protection to go up to my head. I had never been in
this position before and I could never in my life remember being
that embarrassed.

My father waited patiently until I had my hands on my head then
adjusted my position.

"Elbows back, Caroline," he said. I moved them apart, feeling my
conical breasts pushed up and out by the position.

"Look at me," he told me.

I had been looking at the floor with my face now blushing as
hotly as my bottom. "Why were you punished?" he asked.

This was standard. After a spanking, I always had to say what
lesson I'd learned. I told him I'd been sassy and apologized
profusely. He kept like that for a full minute or maybe two after
I'd said my piece looking me up and down. It wasn't sexual. Well,
I don't think it was. He was more inspecting me like you would
something in a shop. The scrutiny was agonizing as he looked at
my face, down to my new breasts with completely erect nipples.
The air-conditioning on the wet breasts had ensured that. His
gaze went lower, to my belly, then my bare pubis with its few
strands of blond hair that really concealed nothing. I saw his
eyes move back up until they were fixed on my blushing red face
and then my own eyes again.

"I can see you find this very embarrassing, don't you?" he asked
quietly.

Tears were still trickling down my cheeks and onto my chest. I
didn't dare lower my hands to catch them. I didn't trust myself
to answer so I just nodded my head miserably.

"Good." He said, nodding himself. "We'll make sure this is a
regular part of your punishments then from now on." I burst into
a fresh set of tears. If only I could turn back time and take
back my stupid comment in the pool! "If you don't want to end up
embarrassed like this again, you'll have to make sure you don't
get into trouble."

Spankings would never be the same.

