Keenan has been in a committed relationship with his girlfriend, Katie for several years. They first met at a costume party where Katie was dressed as Black Widow while Keenan was in a Hawkeye costume. They immediately hit it off with their common love for superhero comics and became inseparable by the end of the night. One thing led to another and before long, they entered a relationship.

Every year, Halloween was a major milestone for them. They always make it a point to dress in a matching outfit for festivities... Napping them several prizes for best costumes. Storm and Black Panther... Wonder Woman and Batman... But this year it was a little bit different.

Keenan had always had a huge fantasy crush on Supergirl. Something about how Supergirl embodies the perfect girl to date. He's always fantasized about dressing up as Superman and Supergirl with Katie... Just the thought of Katie all decked out in the Supergirl costume brings a huge grin to his face. He decided that this would be the year that this fantasy comes true.

When Keenan approached Katie about the idea, she acted all reluctant. Only after much convincing, she agreed to dressing as Supergirl... on the condition that she gets to pick Keenan's costume. She was in reality okay with dressing as Supergirl, but she figured that this was an opportune time to fulfill her own fantasy of seeing Keenan in a speedo!

She refused to reveal the costume she had picked out for Keenan as she knew that he would definitely back out. Keenan had been a firm believer of boardshorts, and worn them during all their trips to the beach. Keenan always had knee-height tan lines after long summer vacations. Katie was determined to turn Keenan around. Katie had picked out a pair of aqua blue speedos with sequins on them. She intends to pass them off as an `Aquaman' costume... Keenan would be too distracted by her Supergirl outfit to protest going to the Halloween party.

Just before the Halloween party, Keenan met Katie at her apartment to change into their costumes. When Katie revealed the `Aquaman' costume to Keenan, he blushed into a deep shade of red. The brief pair of speedos was the smallest thing he had ever worn... He had always been a boxers kind of guy. But a deal was a deal. If he backed out now, Katie wouldn't go to the party as Supergirl and... certainly it was worth it?

Katie looked stunning in the Supergirl costume. Her brown hair really complimented the outfit even though the comic character was a blonde. Reluctantly, Keenan slipped off his clothes and put on his aquamarine speedos and assumed the identity of `Aquaman'! It was tight-fitting, especially around the crotch but it really provided him with support that no boxer could. While his junk is mildly exposed, he rationalised that it was okay as Katie's cleavage was also slightly accentuated by her Supergirl top. Keenan was going to put on a pair of shorts while he drove to the party, but Katie quickly convinced him otherwise. If Katie had to wear her costume in full to the party, then so should he! But she consented and said she would bring his belongings to the car so that he could change on the way back. While Keenan was making his necessary tucks and adjustments, Katie quietly packed away Keenan's clothes in her room... She's going to feast her eye's on Keenan's sexy body for as long as she can!

Leaving Katie's apartment as just `Aquaman', Keenan felt really self-conscious. Every slight gust of wind in the air was felt all over his body. Not to mention... the autumn weather wasn't too warm. His nipples were hard before he even entered the car. On route to the party, Katie made it a point to wave and say `Hi' to nearby cars, which mortified Keenan. He was so worried that they would notice him in his `Aquaman' costume... and indeed, his suspicions were founded.

At the party, apart from some initial sexual remarks tossed at him, Keenan blended right into the crowd with the eclectic mix of costumes. He also grew more comfortable with his costume, and began to really consider wearing speedos to the recreational pool during his next visit. The outfit was also paying off for him, gaining him more attention from Katie than usual. Her gentle touch left a tingling and lingering sensation on his bare body... leading him to crave for more. Before long, the night was over and Keenan was ready to send Katie back home.

Keenan was about to change into his street clothes, when he realised that his bag wasn't in his car. Katie had a mischievous grin on her face. She pulled on a hoodie and hopped into the passenger seat, waiting for Keenan to get in next to her. Realizing that this is all a set-up, Keenan got into the car, and grinned.

"I really enjoyed tonight. I might really consider wearing speedos to the pool next time. Can you help me get a pair?"

Katie smiled. She knew just the pair to get him: a brief red pair of speedos with 2 inch sides. She can only imagine how irresistible Keenan would look in them. She closed her eyes and leaned in for a kiss... But instead, she felt Keenan unzipping and removing her hoodie.

"If I have to head to your house in costume, then so should you!"