Joe The Bow's Stories

Tracy and Josh by Joe The Bow



Tracy and Josh


I was 19, working for an asshole and living in a flea bitten rat hole. My last 
boyfriend had just gone to jail for rape so I wasn't exactly enjoying life. Then 
I saw the ad and thought 'Why the fuck not? It couldn't be any worse than what I 
was doing now and it might actually be fun'. So I rang the number.

"Hello I'm answering your ad in the Chicago Times. 19, not married, no 
boyfriend, 135 pounds, 5-foot, 6-inches." I gave them my address so they could 
send me an application package.

Two days later when I arrived home from work the landlady handed me a parcel 
weighing around five pounds. I had actually been expecting an envelope. Up in my 
room I cut the tape and opened the box. In it was a folder, Polaroid camera, six 
films and three dildos! Even though I was on my own, my face went beetroot red. 
What did they want me to do?

I opened the folder and read the covering letter:

'Dingle Studios PO Box 143 West Norwood Pasadena

Dear Mrs. Prentice,

Thank you for your recent application for a modeling and acting position with 
the studio. As the advertisement said, we are looking for erotic models and 
actresses. Please use the camera to take the photos listed on the next pages and 
send the results to the above address. We do not expect professional results; 
all we need is a rough idea of what you look like and what you are willing to 
do. I look forward to hearing from you in the very near future.

Yours Faithfully,
Joshua Dong'

I read the letter 3 times before turning the page. Although I would never admit 
it, even to myself, I was afraid of what I was getting myself into. I wasn't a 
prude or anything, but I certainly wasn't a slut. Gingerly I turned the page.

'On the following pages you will find submitted sets of pictures from successful 
models and actresses. We require a similar set of photos from all applicants. If 
you feel that this is not for you please keep the camera as a gift. If you do 
not contact us we will not contact you at anytime in the future. As a rough 
guide we require the following:

1. All pictures are nude with the exception of stockings, garters, socks, or 
boots.
2. Your boobs, pussy and anus are completely visible, no demure posing.
3. The dildos are completely inserted.
4. Please make your own choice of the final ten photos, the more risqu the 
better.

I look forward to reviewing your shots, please remember we are not looking for 
professional results. So long as the photos are frank and clear that is all we 
ask.'

I read and reread the instructions, not daring to look at the photos. I chucked 
the folder on my bed and went out for a burger. When I arrived back I picked up 
the folder and dropped it into my kitchen bin. That was enough of that.

At 2am I woke up and couldn't get back to sleep. Finally at around 3 I got up to 
make myself a coffee. Reluctantly I picked the folder out of the bin; luckily 
the bin was otherwise empty so the cover wasn't yucky. I sat down at the table 
with my coffee and opened the cover. Gingerly I turned the two leading pages and 
began to look at the photos. The first set was of a blond girl of about my age 
and size. She was wearing a pair of white ankle socks and nothing else. The 
photos were as follows:

1. Standing, legs together, hands by sides.
2. Standing, legs apart, hands holding up boobs.
3. Lying on bed, legs apart.
4. Lying on bed, legs apart, and pussy lips held open.
5. Kneeling on bed, knees apart.
6. Kneeling on bed, fingers inside pussy.
7. Kneeling on bed, finger in bum.

I put down the folder. Shit, I couldn't do that, not even alone. And then I 
thought, 'Shit, why not? After all, I masturbated. My previous boyfriends 
regularly fucked the shit out of me, quite literally and I had been known to go 
dancing wearing short skirts without panties. I picked up the folder again and 
turned the page:

8. Lying on bed, legs apart, and dildo in pussy.
9. Kneeling on bed, dildo in pussy.
10.Kneeling on bed, dildo in bum.
11.Kneeling on bed, one dildo in pussy and another in ass.
12.Lying on bed, one dildo in pussy and another in ass.

Then there was a piece of text as follows:

'The previous poses are required from all applicants. The following poses are 
"Free Expression". Although the exact poses are not required we need at least 4 
different poses.'

I looked at the next set:

13. Kneeling in shower, peeing.
14. Lying on bed, legs in air, fist part way into pussy.
15. Doing splits on floor.
16. Kneeling on bed, 2 fingers in ass.

I looked at the next set. It was off a petite, and rather pretty Eurasian girl 
in similar poses. The third set was of a busty black girl while the fourth 
depicted a pretty girl with long curly red hair. I spent several hours going 
through the folder; clearly I could never pose like that. I went back to bed 
leaving the folder on the table.

The next morning I lay in. Fuck it; I'm not going into work. I got up at 10, 
made the bed, tidied up and had some corn flakes. Sometime during the night 
something had clicked in my mind and I decided to do it. Not only do it, but I 
also wanted to put the original models to shame.

I went into the bathroom, if you could call it a bathroom, waxed my legs, and 
shaved my pussy and armpits. After all, the models were clean-shaven. I dressed 
conservatively and went out to the shops. When I returned I had a few new 
clothes and a tripod for the camera. I know I could have put the camera on the 
table, but a tripod would make things much easier. I striped naked and put my 
clothes away. Carefully I did my blonde hair up in two bunches with pink ribbon 
and slipped on a pair of white calf length socks and some trainers. With 
carefully applied makeup I now looked about 15 years old.

I wasted the first roll of film working out how to operate the camera, set the 
timer, get the exposure right and position myself just right. However the next 
two rolls produced the twelve required pictures. I must admit I looked really 
sexy, and a real slut. The "Free Expression" photos were a lot more problematic. 
I could pee in the shower, or shove my hand in my pussy but I wanted the studio 
to sit up and take notice.

Then with a start I stood up. Mick, my last boyfriend, had tried to fuck me with 
a beer bottle. He hadn't succeeded, mainly because I was being close-minded and 
wouldn't loosen up for him. It was partially because of this episode that I had 
dumped him. However, I knew that I could accommodate a beer bottle. I went into 
what passed for a kitchen and fetched a Bud, which I lubed with butter. Back in 
the bedroom I lay on the bed and worked the bottle into my pussy. Yes I know it 
would have been much easier if I had started with the narrow end or if someone 
else was working it in. But I wasn't about to ask anyone else to bottle fuck me 
and I wanted a spectacular photo.

It hurt like hell and took a lot of doing, but finally the base popped inside 
and the rest slid in with ease, right up to the neck. I lay back, exhausted, 
with tears streaming down my cheeks, but I had done it, right up to the fucking 
neck. It was difficult getting out of bed and waddling over to the camera to set 
the timer, but I did it a dozen times. I even managed to change the roll with 
the bottle shoved right up inside me. In the end I had a wonderful set of 
photos. Some with the bottle right inside me, some with it partially out, some 
with only the base inside me and a couple just after the bottle had been removed 
showing a gaping hole. I had run out of film and was totally drained so I curled 
up on the bed and dosed.

I awoke around 3 and sat bolt upright. What had I thought I was doing? Taking 
pornographic photos of myself for someone I had never even met. But it had been 
fun. Pity the film had run out, still there was a chemist in the high street. I 
pulled on a white blouse and that short pleated kilt I had bought for Mick, 
grabbed my purse and headed out the door. I got some funny looks as a walked 
down the street and not a few wolf whistles. Heading home with 6 rolls of film I 
passed a sports shop. I stopped dead in my tracks a few steps further on and 
walked back to look into the window. Fifteen minutes later I was back in my flat 
with the film, an aluminum softball bat and two table tennis bats.

The next set of photos were great, if difficult:

1. Kneeling with the thin end of the bat sticking out of my pussy.
2. Kneeling with the thick end of the bat sticking out of my ass.
3. Kneeling with a table tennis bat sticking out of my pussy.
4. Kneeling with a table tennis bat sticking out of my pussy and another 
sticking out of my ass.
5. Kneeling with a beer bottle stuck right inside my pussy with only the top of 
the neck showing and a table tennis bat sticking out of my ass.
6. Finally, and I don't know how I managed it, but kneeling with a beer bottle 
stuck in my pussy and another in my ass.

I cleared everything away and spread the photos out on the table. Could I really 
send them in? No of course I couldn't. I gathered them up to throw them in the 
bin but instead, and I still don't know why I did it, I put them in the provided 
envelope, dressed and went out to post the package. I stood by the post box for 
ages trying to work up the nerve to post the package, but wanting to take it 
home and burn it.

My nerve was about to crack when I heard a familiar voice, "Hi Doll".

Instinctively I shoved the package into the slot. Mick could never know what I 
had done. A little while later I had managed to get away from my ex. It hadn't 
been easy. After all, I was dressed like a slutty schoolgirl, pink ribbons in my 
hair, white semi-transparent shirt, kilt up around my ass-white socks and 
trainers. What had I been thinking going out dressed like that, twice?

I disposed of the processing packs and rubbish from the film rolls and put the 
camera away. The next day, Thursday, I went back to work. The boss was just as 
obnoxious as usual and shouted at me for taking the previous day off. There was 
no way I could work for him for much longer. On Friday evening, I hadn't been 
home more than a few minutes when the bell rang.

I opened the door and a rather distinguished man of about 35 wearing a black 
suit and bow tie asked, "Ms Prentice", I nodded, he continued, "Hello, My name 
is Joshua Dong, may I come in?"

I just stood there. I don't know what I had expected but it certainly wasn't 
this. We were sitting in the living room sipping coffee. We had been exchanging 
pleasantries about the weather and the state of the neighborhood.

Finally he said, "Ms Prentice, I received your photos this morning. Quite 
frankly I couldn't believe them. You are very pretty and quite uninhibited, if I 
may say so. No, please, don't get embarrassed, I see lots of photo sets, but 
quite frankly not many as good as these. However, I find it difficult to believe 
that you actually did the things in your 'Free Expression' routine; they could 
have been some sort of trick photography. No please let me finish. If I am sure 
that you did these things (and he spread the photos on the coffee table) 
especially this (pointing to the twin bottle photos) I am prepared to offer you 
a contract right here and now."

"What kind of contract?" I asked.

"Initially, four weeks erotic modeling for men's magazines at $10,000 a week."

I just sat there with my mouth wide open. If this was for real I would earn more 
in a week than I did in a year working for Mr. Obnoxious.

Finally I stammered, "How can I prove that I actually did it?" (I'm not that 
dim, I knew what he was going to say)

"Why, by doing it again and letting me watch", he replied.

"No I couldn't."

"In that case, good day Ms Prentice," and he started to stand up.

"No please, sit down. All right, I'll do it. But it hurt like hell and I had to 
struggle to get them in. Will you help me?"

"Of course my dear," he said. So...

I collected the bottles and butter before leading the way to the bedroom. I 
couldn't believe what I was about to do in front of a complete stranger. I lubed 
the bottles and sat them on the nightstand before stripping. Shit, what was I 
doing? What I was doing was lying on my back, legs wide open and stretching my 
pussy lips while Mr. Dong worked the Bud bottle into my pussy. It hurt like 
hell, but not as much as when I did it by myself. Finally it was all the way in 
and I lay back panting. When I had recovered somewhat I knelt up, pulled my ass 
cheeks apart while the second bottle was worked into my hole.

Shit, why on earth was I enduring this pain. I was just about to shout enough 
when the base slipped in and the bottle slid inside me all the way up to its 
neck.

Mr. Dong stood up and said, "Incredible. You know I didn't believe the photos 
but you really did it."

And with that he took each bottle by the neck and slowly began to fuck both my 
holes, one in, the other out. Shit I actually started to cum, and cum, and cum. 
I had never ever cum like that. Mr. Dong appeared pleased.

When I had recovered a little he asked, "Can you walk like that, if I help?"

"Not really, I can waddle a little."

"Could you walk if we removed the bottle from your ass?"

"I think so," I replied.

So, ever so gently he eased the bottle out of my rear and I got, rather 
unsteadily, to my feet.

"Put on something sexy", he said.

So I put on the short kilt and blouse, handing him the white socks and trainers. 
There was no way I could put them on myself.

"Incredible. You look like a 15-year-old," he said. "Now if you can make it to 
my car we can be off."

"What about my things and my job?" I asked.

"Are they worth $40,000?"

So I sort of wobbled out to his car. Thankfully, the lift was working for once; 
I couldn't have made the stairs.

Car he said. It was an enormous white stretched limo. I climbed in and sort of 
sprawled across one of the seats. Less than an hour later I was clambering 
(waddling) up the steps of his private Lear Jet. As we climbed out through the 
cloudbank we toasted my new life in Champagne.

"Will you kneel up here my dear?" said Mr. Dong. "I want to try something."

I was kneeling in a sumptuous armchair, ass in the air, skirt up over my back 
and beer bottle sticking out of my pussy with my new benefactor standing behind 
me. I felt one of his fingers pierce my ass.

"Don't worry my dear, I'm using real lubrication".

Then I felt two fingers, three, and four! Shit, he was going to...

"You've actually taken my entire hand, Ms Prentice. Just a minute..."

I felt the bottle being withdrawn from my pussy only to be replaced immediately 
by his other fist. Holy shit! He was trying to shake hands with himself inside 
me.

"I'm cummmiiinnnggg", I shouted.

He must have fist fucked me for a very long time for I had orgasm after 
tremendous orgasm. Finally, he slid his hands out and I slumped down into the 
chair.

I was just about to dose off when I noticed Mr. Dong start to undress. Shit, 
what did he want to do next? Holy shit, I sat bolt upright.

"It's not true, you know. My father wasn't a stallion but it rather looks like I 
inherited this from one doesn't it?"

I couldn't believe my eyes, it wasn't a prick, it wasn't even a horse's prick; 
it was a telegraph pole!!! It looked fully erect, although I was later to 
realize that it was only a lazy lob. The knob end actually touched the underside 
of his chin and it was as fat as a salami. Holy shit, what was he going to do 
with that monster???

"Kneel up my dear," he said. "I promise I won't hurt you. I'll only put it in a 
little way."

"But I can't.... It's too big... You'll split me wide open!"

"But my dear, it's just a little fatter than the beer bottles and it will only 
be in one hole at a time."

"But it's too long!" I stammered.

"I'll only slide it in a little way."

With that he was easing me up onto my knees and I was actually spreading my well 
lubed pussy lips as the enormous head skewered me. I had never been so filled, 
not even with both beer bottles or both hands inside me. I felt as if it was 
going to come out of my mouth. Looking down I could see my belly bulging as he 
slid in and out.

Oh shit!!! I was cummmiiinnnggg again, and again and again.

Then I felt him slide all the way out.

"Now for your black hole," he said.

"No I can't. It won't fit, please no."

But I was stretching my asshole wide so he could enter.

Holy shit I was cummmmiiiinnnngggg even better than I had when he was fucking my 
pussy.

Eventually I passed out and slumped down in the chair but he just carried on 
fucking my unbelievably stretched asshole.

I woke up with the monster trying to work its way into my mouth. No I couldn't, 
he wouldn't No, not that. I'd die. But he would, and he was, and I didn't. The 
knob end was in past my teeth and pressing at the back of my throat.

"Don't worry my dear, I'll be gentle, I won't suffocate you. Go on, you can take 
it. After all, you took it in your tight ass."

It wasn't tight anymore was it? It probably wouldn't close up ever again.

"Just swallow, you can do it," he soothed.

Now I had deep-throated Mike and Tom but Tom was only 8 inches with Mike barely 
a foot long and neither of them was half as thick as this. Oh shit he was going 
to kill me.

"Deep breath, hold it."

He pushed and I swallowed. Oh no. I felt it slide down my gullet and the knob 
end entered my belly. With over a foot left outside he withdrew back into my 
mouth and I gulped air through my nose.

"Deep breath, hold it," and his knob end was heading back into my belly.

Eventually we worked into a rhythm where he pulled back into my mouth, I took 
several deep breaths and held the last one in. He pushed forward until his knob 
end reached my belly, did several shortish strokes and then pulled back into my 
mouth so I could breath again before sliding all the way back into my belly 
again.

This went on for ages, I guess at least half an hour. Then I got frightened, 
what if he came. Either he'd push forward and burst my belly or he'd forget to 
let me breathe and I'd suffocate. Just then I felt his first spurt straight into 
my belly. Thankfully he pulled out. There were sudden bursts on the way up my 
gullet and then his knob end was in my mouth, still spurting. I tried to swallow 
as much as I could but I was in danger of drowning so I pulled his knob free as 
he continued to spurt. It matted my hair, covered my face, ran down onto my tits 
and onto my pussy, pooling on the chair between my legs. If I had to guess, I 
would say there was over a pint of the stuff. Now I know what you're going to 
say, no one can shoot that much, right? But then no one has a prick over three 
feet long, have they?

Mr. Dong slumped down in the chair opposite and his monster started to shrink. 
He sat staring at me; I must have been a sight, covered in cum from head to toe.

"Ms Prentice, or may I call you Tracy?"

I nodded.

"Great, please call me Josh. I've never fucked any woman like that before. Most 
women cannot take me in any hole. Some can take about a foot into their pussy 
and a few can take eighteen inches into their butt. No one else has ever taken 
my knob end into their belly before. I hope I didn't hurt you."

I said, "Not very much, but I think I'll be sore in the morning. Tell me, Josh, 
how much did I actually take?"

"I think about eighteen inches in your pussy and ass and over 2 foot in your 
throat."

I was staring at the monster between his legs. Although now flaccid it still 
reached his knees.

"Please forgive me for being so bold Tracy. But you see no woman has ever been 
able to satisfy me anything like you just did. No please let me finish and then 
you can say what you want. If you would consent to marry me I would put five 
million dollars in a trust fund for you should we ever divorce. No please let me 
finish. You must accept that my business is pornography and from time to time I 
will attempt to fuck other women. Whether or not you marry me you will, of 
course, become a big star and will be fucked by many pricks, thankfully none 
nearly as big as mine. So will you please marry me?"

"Are you serious?" I asked.

Well he was and 3 days later we were married. Thankfully I was wearing a long 
dress for there was a baseball bat sticking out of my pussy as I said, "I do."

I tell you never try walking down the Isle with a baseball bat inside you. In 
the limo on the way to the reception he fucked my ass with the aluminum bat. 
"Just loosening you up for later," he said.

The reception was held in his mansion. I had, of course, seen the preparations 
but I wasn't prepared for this. It turned out that everyone present was in the 
porn industry. The waitresses, naked, apart from nylons, suspenders and heals, 
were all starlets. The rest of the female guests were naked or mostly naked. The 
men were wearing jackets, shirts and ties, nothing else. Several sported massive 
hard-ons but most were semi-flaccid.

"Time to let them see the goods, Tracy," my new husband said as he started to 
unfasten the back of my dress.

I couldn't believe what was happening. Josh was going to strip me in front of 
all these people, and shit, the baseball bat was still lodged in my pussy. I 
tried to protest but my tits were on show and the dress was passing down over my 
hips. I stepped out of the gown and Josh threw it to one side. There was a 
spontaneous round of applause as everyone had a good view of my naked body and 
the baseball bat with its tip poking up into my belly.

"Come on, my dear, over here."

He led me to what is known as a 'Fucking chair'. Your head and lower back are 
supported at a 45-degree angle with your knees held wide apart and your feet 
held up in a pair of stirrups. In this position your ass and pussy are on full 
show.

I couldn't believe what my new husband was doing to me. Thankfully he withdrew 
the bat but, oh no, he started to fuck my ass with it.

I was commmiiinnnggg in spite of the audience.

He removed the bat and replaced it with a beer bottle and slid another one into 
my pussy. In front of all these people he was double bottle fucking me and I 
loved it. The bottle was removed from my ass and one of the guests was invited 
to replace it with his not inconsiderable prick. Meanwhile, Josh stood near my 
head and proffered his monstrous cock to my mouth. I had no choice but to 
swallow it. Meanwhile my ass was being pounded by a black cock and every time 
his belly hit my pussy the bottle lodged in there was pushed in and out a 
little.

The guy in my ass dumped his load and was replaced by another fine specimen. 
Meanwhile, I swallowed my husband's prick all the way down into my belly. While 
Josh fucked my mouth a steady stream of pricks fucked my ass and nudged the 
bottle in my pussy. Eventually Josh came, however, this time, he quickly pulled 
out and sprayed his load all over me from head to toe. Just then, the guy in my 
ass dumped his load and withdrew before removing the bottle in my pussy.

When I had recovered a little Josh said, "Look."

I looked around at a full-blown orgy. There were naked women giving blowjobs, 
others being fucked and yet others with cocks pumping their assholes. Some had 
two or more cocks pumping them. Josh pointed out one girl, no older than me, 
with two dicks pumping her asshole at the same time.

He said, "This will be the greatest porno film ever, we'll make millions!"

It was only then that I saw the dozen naked camera men milling around, moving in 
for close ups and then back for a wide shot.

If you enjoyed this story or otherwise why not drop me a line and let me have your opinion. All emails will receive a reply.   JOETHEBOWX@HOTMAIL.COM


