Title: Slippery When Wet Chapter 1

Author: Tony Tiger <tonytigerxxx@yahoo.com>

Summary: An older woman's hot solution to a sex problem with her husband (FM+) 
****************************************

Martha sucked on the head of her husband's half-hard cock while she rubbed the shaft with her fingers. She was trying to get him to cum even though he had rarely gotten off that way during their 40 year marriage. Finally getting tired, she lay down beside him and snuggled. Sam had already gone down on her so she had some satisfaction but both of them preferred good ole cock and pussy intercourse. Unfortunately that hadn't been successful for several years. Sam, at 70, was a decade older than his wife and could get his prick swollen but not quite hard enough to enter Martha's vagina even though he wanted to. ED pills were medically contraindicated so the couple had become quite frustrated and discouraged.

As Martha lay beside the man she had slept with for 40 years and fondled his limp noodle, she thought back to lustier days. They had never had children but not from lack of trying. Thinking of the frequent sex when they were dating and first married made her pussy tingle. A couple of memories got her special attention. One time when they had just started having sex, Sam had unexpectedly stopped by her apartment. She had been banging another boyfriend who was just leaving. The two men passed in the hallway and she was naked when she answered the door, quite obviously freshly fucked. Sam looked a bit flustered as he said, "I, uh, hoped we could spend some, uh, time together." Martha grinned and led him to her messy bed. No explanations were offered or needed as he fucked the hell out of her. He was very hard for a very long time that afternoon. Years later, after they were married, they did talk about it while in bed and he nearly equalled his earlier performance.

Another special memory was the time, in her mid 20s, when they vacationed with another couple. Money was tight so they shared hotel rooms with two beds. The first night they all took great pains to be modest but the proximity of others got each couple hot and they tried to sneak in a quiet fuck after lights out. They finally laughed about it and, in the dark, took turns listening to the other couple screwing. The next evening the clothing got a lot more revealing as the couples shared a big bottle of wine. That led the curious young couples to finally strip completely and take turns watching the other pair make out and then fuck. Finally the quite tipsy wives went to the bathroom and giggled about giving their husbands a surprise. After calling for "lights out", the young wives went to the other husband's bed. The surprised "Oh!"s soon turned to other lusty sounds as the beds squeaked repeatedly throughout the night. In the morning there was no need for modesty. The couples stayed switched the next day and night and during the final drive home. A few months later another short vacation was enjoyed the same way. This only happened out of town to keep it in perspective. The couple moved away and Martha and Sam never found another compatible couple. Then they tried for the children who never came, so no more "strange". 

Of course they both got aroused at the memories of the sex fun they had but Martha realized that Sam had focused much more on another cock being in her than on the other pussy he had gotten. He would mention feeling the strange cum inside her and how slippery it was on his dick. He had been extra hard as he added his semen to the previous deposit. "Maybe that's an answer.", she thought, "If I got fucked first maybe he could get hard enough to get it in me. I would be opened up more and the slippery cum might lubricate too. Even if he couldn't I would have some fun." But who could help her out? It shouldn't be a stranger since there might be an ongoing need if it was successful. None of their friends were good candidates either.

As often happens, fate intervened. The couple lived out in the country and had a good bit of land. They had a large garden and some pastureland that they rented out for grazing. The medical problems that interfered with Sam's hardons also limited his ability to keep up with the place so they checked around for some help. The nearest neighbor, a mile down the road, had an 18 year old son who was looking for work. He was a farm boy so wouldn't need training. It was a great match and he started right away. Martha took charge of his direction and spent a lot of time with him. They got along quite well. She had immediately thought of him as a possibility for her plans so probed his personal life. He had no girlfriend and was quite shy, even though big and good looking, so she figured he might even be a virgin.

One hot afternoon they were fixing fence out by the swimming hole where she and Sam had often gone to swim and screw. She suggested to Rod (an appropriate name she thought) that they cool off in the water. He protested that he had no suit and she asked him if he had ever skinny dipped. "Only with my brothers," he replied. "Ok, you turn around while I get in the water and I'll turn around while you do." The water was pretty clear so she knew he would get a glimpse of her big soft boobs and abundant pubic hair. After they cooled down for a while she just walked out of the pond, turned around and sat on the grass with her knees apart, aiming her pussy right at him. Rod was too shy to follow her but his eyes were locked on her body. "Come here," she beckoned, "I've seen lots of guys. Have you ever seen a woman?" He shook his head. "Then it's about time! Get over here!" Rod came out of the water trying to cover his erection. Martha laughed softly, "Don't be embarassed! I'd feel bad if you DIDN'T have a hard on. Sit in front of me." He did and as she pulled his hand away from his cock, she wanted to just jump on the long firm organ. Instead she asked if she could touch it and he nodded. After just a few seconds of her stroking, his cock pulsed and shot white streamers all the way t0 her tits and belly. Knowing he would be mortified, Martha kept a firm grip on his cock and silenced any apology with a full kiss. "That was a big compliment," she told him, "My body isn't as beautiful as when I was your age but it works just fine. Would you like to learn about it?" How could any young man say no to such an offer? The next hour was spent teaching, touching, and tasting. The finale was Rod's first piece of ass and Martha's first cum injection in years. Both were quiet as they rinsed off and drove back to the farmhouse. 

Now that the first part of her plan was in place, Martha had to get her husband on board. She didn't want to waste any time so she snuggled with him that night and said, "Sam, I really miss fucking you. I remember how aroused you got when I had just fucked another guy. Do you think it would help you get hard enough to get in me if I did that again?" Sam's cock twitched in her hand and got long but only partly hard as the memories came back. "Maybe," he replied, "but who would you get to do you?" "Today as we were fixing fence my top got real sweaty and see through. Rod was really watching my tits move around and that made my nipples hard. He had quite a bulge in his jeans. I bet I could seduce him so you could have some slippery pussy again." Sam exclaimed, "It's worth a try!"

The next morning Martha said, "At the end of the day I'm going to take Rod to the swimming hole where we used to fuck and try to get me some fresh meat. I'll come straight home." Sam was distracted all day and when the Gator pulled into the yard he saw that Martha was alone. As she rushed into the kitchen she started stripping and chided, "Why are you still dressed?" They headed for bed and she said, "Ready for sloppy seconds?" His fingers felt the slippery juice oozing out of her cunt. He dipped down for a quick taste as his wife fondled his partially tumescent cock, then got between her widespread thighs. "He put two loads in there...it was great," she cooed, "now it's your turn to fuck me." With the stimulus of her words, the slippery cum as lubrication, and the openness of her already fucked pussy, Sam was able to slide into her and move in and out. The long missed sensations were wonderful and he was able to shoot into her at last. They were both overjoyed. Sam was getting her pussy again and Martha had two cocks to enjoy.

Martha scheduled Rod's "bonuses", as they were referred to, a couple of times a week. She let him think that he was getting some illicit pussy. Sam's performance improved with the regular practice, Rod was learning new things and improving his endurance, and Martha was enjoying all of it. She wasn't concerned about Sam getting her off as Rod usually took care of that. Sam did eat her to climax from time to time. (sex)Life was good!

After a couple of months Rod was invited to dinner. He was usually nervous around Sam but couldn't refuse. After dinner Martha served some drinks and sat between the men. She turned to Rod and said, "Sam has known all along about our sex." Rod looked like a deer in headlights. Sam quickly said, "Don't be concerned, it's ok!" Martha then explained that although she greatly enjoyed fucking his hard young cock, the ultimate goal was to rejuvenate their marital sex. His cock and cum had made Martha's pussy open and slick enough for Sam to successfully fuck her once again and they were both very greatful. Now it was time to bring it out in the open and make it easier for everyone. She turned to Sam and said, "Would you like some really fresh 'seconds'?" Sam smiled and nodded vigouously. Taking Rod's hand she led him to the guest room, stripped and fucked him to a quick cum dump inside her. As soon as he came, she said, "Rest here for a while, I'll be back." Cum was running down her thighs as she went to the marital bed where Sam was eagerly waiting. Rod heard bed noises along with Martha's familiar sex sounds. When things quieted down she returned to him, got on top, and slid his love pole into the wettest cunt he had ever felt. His big farmer's hands cupped the full hanging tits as she rode him to her climax and got another cum injection. Martha fell on his chest for awhile, then gave him a big kiss. As she staggered back to her husband, she said to Rod, "See you tomorrow..." Sam gently played with her soaked snatch as she snuggled up. She murmured, "Next time I want you to watch" as she went to sleep.   