17. – Care

“You’re pushing yourself too hard, Konn.” Garrick’s rough voice covered the obvious concern as he offered me a drink. “When’s the last time you slept?”

“Irrelevant,” I murmured, accepting the glass from one of the very few I trusted enough for such civil moments. “Sleep isn’t what it’s cracked up to be.”

“Interesting turn of phrase, ‘cracked up’.” Garrick took a sip of his own drink, watching me over the rim of the glass. “Once, a long time ago, I told you I had your back. I’m worried about you, Konn. So is Al. You’ve gone erratic. You know that’s not good.”

“I’m fine, my friend,” I told him, suddenly aware that the uniform I wore smelled vaguely like a crypt and held secrets in its pockets. Erratic indeed. I felt more weary than I had in years, with a distinct lack of optimism. Is this how Sonndheim had endured his tenure here, with quiet resignation? Was he even now seeping in through my skin?

“I’ve seen fine, and you are far from it.” Garrick set down his glass, half-finished, and sat opposite me. “Look at yourself, man! You’re a shambles, a walking shipwreck waiting to happen.”

“Spare me the poetry.” I glared at my friend, vaguely aware that I’d taken my own drink far too quickly. In any other company, I would excuse myself and retreat to the safety of my home. Here, though, I felt compelled to stay and hear him out. I did not, however, have to put up with his notorious pontificating.

“Hey, you invited yourself, Konrad.” Garrick took up his glass again, drained it. “If you didn’t want to talk, why are you here?”

I sighed, allowed the breath to take most of my stubbornness with it. “I…I just needed a haven for a while. A brief respite, if you will. Things are moving too fast lately, in directions I never anticipated. I’m…”

“Exhausted,” my friend offered. “Wrung-out, at the end of your rope, badly in need of some decent rest. You’re not trapped here, Konn, why don’t you take a few days, clear your head?”

Because that would leave the mystery untended.

I pushed that thought to the back of my mind, where I knew it would continue to fester until I had solved it. He was right, and we both knew it.

Apparently Garrick took my silence as obstinacy, which would not be far from the truth. He scowled and folded his arms across his chest. “You’re being reckless again. You know this, right?”

“Your point?”

My friend rose and refilled both our glasses. “My point is only this. That boy we found in Sonndheim’s bed? He doesn’t exist.”

I gaped up at him, numbly accepted the fresh drink. “Say again?”

“There is no official record that I could find linking a blond-haired boy with Erich Sonndheim at the time of his execution.” Garrick paused, sipped his whiskey. “I went back another six months, then two years. Nothing.”

“Bloody hell,” I growled, annoying myself with my choice of words: Shelley’s pet phrase reminded me keenly of his absence. “No record anywhere?”

“Well, I wasn’t about to ask Vandemeer,” Garrick muttered. “No record in medical, intake, supply, or corrections. There’s something decidedly odd about this, Konn. I don’t like it.”

“We are talking about Sonndheim,” I reminded us both. “Odd is to be expected.”

“Not this kind of odd.” Garrick returned to his chair, leaning forward as he spoke as if to emphasize his words. “Have you ever known him to smuggle someone in from outside? I have no evidence this kid was even a psi-talent.”

“That doesn’t make any sense!” Now it was my turn to abandon my seat. I started pacing, no longer noticing the smell that clung to me like a shroud. “He had his pick of any boy here, why would he bring in someone like that?”

“Hell if I know, Konn. But I’ve been going through the medical records for the past two days, and there’s nothing. No intake forms, no passes, nothing. I haven’t checked the basement yet, but those files are mostly –”

The rest of his words slipped past my attention. The files in the basement. The locked disciplinary actions. Of course! What else could the damn key possibly hide? My throat tightened as ghosts rose up around me in a chorus of accusation.

[“You’ve got to believe me, I didn’t do this!”

“Muzzle your dog, Erich, or so help me I’ll do it for you!”]

[“This is insane!” My voice cracks as though I were a boy again, as though I were the one condemned to this degradation, this horror.

“No, it’s quite simple. Find out what he knows, or I will.” Hooded eyes above a serpent’s smile, showing only delight at a devil’s bargain about to be struck.]

[“I know too many of your secrets for you to deny me time…Stricher.”]</em>

[“All right,” I hiss, my throat raw with another’s screams. “You’re done.”

Sonndheim regards me with cool excitement, anticipation dotting his upper lip with sweat. “Are you defying me, General?”

“No, as always, I am going through proper channels.” I throw the papers down at his feet like a gauntlet. “Your orders, Erich. This inquest is closed. It never happened!

“Konrad?” Garrick snapped his fingers in front of my face and tried my name again. “Konrad!”

I stared dumbly at him, momentarily lost between past and present. The whiskey in my glass has spilled across my fingers, the glass itself perilously close to falling from my hand. I swallowed, nodded, hoping to reassure, knowing the gesture to be futile. Garrick had rarely fallen for my best lies, and never for my worst. “I’m all right. Just…thinking.”

Steely gray eyes bored into mine, allowing me no chance to talk my way out of this. In other circumstances, long ago perhaps, I might have found his boldness intriguing. Now I knew it for the desperate protectiveness of a once-dear friend who no longer knew his place with me. Sadness gripped me, and I nearly told him everything.

But secrecy had been my friend even longer than Garrick.

I gripped his arm in a one-handed embrace in the way of men who do not easily acknowledge closeness. “I am all right, Gar.” I took a deep breath, then another. “We both know damn well what files are in the basement.”

“Don’t do this to yourself, Konn,” Garrick grated, frustrated concern narrowing his eyes to slits. “You weren’t responsible for what happened.”

My hand tightened on his arm until my fingers cramped. “I was responsible enough! He made certain of that.”

Moving slowly, Garrick gently pried my fingers loose from his bicep, pinned my arm to my side as though trying to control an hysteric. “Drop it, Konn. You can’t change anything now. It’s past.”

Momentary outrage gave way to the weight of time. I sagged against the inevitability of his words, the futility of my own. “The past is with us, my friend. We can’t escape it.”

“Then why do you keep trying?”

Emotion welled up in my throat; I choked it down, reminding myself that, though Garrick was a confidant, he was not Shelley. I dare not allow myself to slip.

Garrick smiled gently, reassuringly, his hand still firmly on my right forearm. His eyes were wise and calm. “Take a break, before the break takes you.”

Absently I nodded, wishing he were someone else. I had dreamed of having Bradley with me, of having him to comfort me through the difficult times, of giving him comfort…

Whether he picked up any of that or merely knew me too well, Garrick caught my gaze again and stated, “You’re not rational right now, you’re worn out and you’re not getting anywhere like this. I’ll do some more digging tomorrow, see what I can find out. Take a few days off, Konn. Get some fresh air, get some real coffee.” He smiled that gruff, reassuring smile that meant he was up to something on my behalf. “I’ll handle Vandemeer. You pull yourself back together. Believe me, you’ll have the easier job.”

I smiled back at him, wishing we had only just met and all our mistakes lay unmade in the future. So many possibilities, so many paths not taken… “All right, my friend. I’ll leave you to it.” In homage to our long-lived trust, I said, “If, in your wanderings, you come across an old green filing cabinet with the paint chipped along the right-hand side, make note of it for me.”

Garrick frowned slightly. “What, are you missing one?”

I gave him my most innocent grin and said, “Noticed one in an old photograph of Sonndheim’s. Wondered what the old rat may have been hiding in it.”

“Not another body, I hope…”

A/N: – Care

It is clear that Konrad trusts his friends, but only just so far. He is close to a breaking point: trust them, or toss them aside? He needs Garrick, more than he knows – his is perhaps the only physical contact Konnor has allowed in months, and yet Konnor keeps him at a safe distance. Would Garrick offer more? I doubt it. Garrick knows his friend well enough to know it would never be accepted, and so he is unlikely to try. But one does not need to be a lover to recognize the pain inside another man; one must only care.