Round three began after about 20 minutes of watching Dean and Tim kiss and whisper in each other's ears with occasional glances over at where he lay sprawled on the couch. Finally, Tim climbed off Dean's lap, took his hand and headed for the hallway. "Party's this way," he said to Jax over his shoulder.

Jax paused in the doorway to the bedroom. Like most older houses, the bedroom was small when compared to a modern master bedroom, and in this case the space was dominated by a massive California King. Jax gravitated to the chair tucked in the corner next to the dresser.

Dean looked at him, clearly wondering why Jax hadn't climbed on the bed, but before he could speak, Jax leered at them and said, "You're not the only one who likes to watch, y'know."

They both laughed at that.

"Your loss," Dean said as he pulled out a small bottle of massage gel.

"Oh, trust me, I'll be there and rarin' to go when the time is right."

Tim turned and laid face down, diagonally across the bed, facing Jax, parked his chin on his crossed forearms and rumbled, "Let's give him an unobstructed view, then."

And while there wasn't anything particularly pornotastic about watching Dean give Tim a back rub, at the same time, there was. And by the same token, this wasn't being done entirely for his benefit, and yet, it was.

What made it work, what made it so incredibly hot, was watching the look in Tim's eyes become more and more catlike, dreamy and satisfied, and full of sultry promises. And also the fact that -- as Jax knew from experience -- it was simply fun to give your partner a massage. It was fun to have the simple pleasure of reaching out and spending long minutes stroking and petting and caressing their skin, delighting in that, yet all the while thinking about all the things you planned to do to them when the moment came. It was fun to hear the sounds they made, too -- the shuddering breaths, the happy little sighs, the grunts, the groans, and to know that while all of this was making them feel good, their mind was also moving on to all the ways you'd soon be making each other feel incredible.

(The pre-fuck massage. It was all about sex without being sex.)

Tim muttered something to Dean, too low for Jax to hear, and Dean (who had been straddling Tim's waist and had steadily grown to almost full hardness over the last 30 minutes) shimmied off of him. Tim arched, raising his ass up and with a twist of the wrist that brought a smile to Tim's face, Dean eased the plug out and leaned back, setting it on the nightstand, while Tim reared up and knelt, achingly hard and ready to go.

Showtime!

Jax clenched his hands and leaned forward in the chair, letting out an explosive breath. This was that final few moments before the starting gun fired, the drag lights strobed from red to green, the buzzer sounded and the gates opened. He licked his lips in ANNNNN .....TICI-PATION.

Dean's gel-slicked hands reached around Tim, making a big show of stroking up and down Tim's torso, tweaking his nipples -- making him gasp and shimmy -- sliding along the sharp blades of his hipbones, and all the while his lips rained the most delicate little kisses along Tim's shoulders and the edge of his neck. Then the hands disappeared and Tim's legs crept incrementally farther apart in response to something Dean was doing to him until one of Dean's hands shot back into view and clamped on Tim's hip as, with a guttural cry, Dean reared up and forward and Tim's eyes screwed shut and he gasped, "Oh, fuck, D ... fuck yeah, that's it."

They froze like that for a split second, and then Dean gave a few short sharp thrusts, fully seating himself, as Tim's mouth slowly sagged open and his breath came in hitched cries.

And when Tim opened his eyes and fixed them on Jax again, they were no longer cat's eyes filled with sultry promises and a lazy self-satisfied mischief, they had instead become the eyes of a dragon: ancient, filled with fire, baleful power, and a level of knowledge almost beyond human comprehension.

Jax gasped, half-wondering if there wasn't something to those old folktales of demons and sex, because the look in Tim's eyes was so unlike anything Jax had ever seen before -- it bordered on the supernatural. It was like coming face to face a fucking primordial force of nature just like a tornado or an earthquake or even the tides coming in. It was the entirety of Sex, given a face and a voice, and in that moment Jax absolutely understood (A) why Tim didn't share this part of himself with just anybody and (B) why Dean might have issues with Tim playing an incubus.

(Hell, if Tara ever turned a look like that on him, he'd be wondering if it was still Tara in there.)

The light in those eyes flickered, growing amused. With a low, smoky chortle, Tim crooked his finger, beckoning, and Jax found himself powerless to resist the summons. He stood and walked the two steps from the chair to the bed on shaking legs. Tim pulled him close and kissed him -- and oh, thank God, it was still Tim --but more of what he'd already had wasn't what Jax wanted from Tim. "Uh-uh," he whispered against those lips, before he shrugged off Tim's arms and reached back, pulling the chair close, sinking down on the edge of the seat. "Your turn now" he said, looking up and reveling in the lightning bolt of surprise that flashed through those eyes. Tim's raspy little breath and the fresh precum that spurted from the tip of his dick just as Jax took it into his mouth were better than anything Jax could have hoped for.

About two seconds in Jax gave up on trying to move his head except for the bare minimum and let Dean fuck Tim into his mouth. He simply went with the flow and concentrated on working his tongue around the shaft and flicking it over the head, and hollowing his cheeks as he sluuurrrped. He put his hands to work pumping the base with one and cupping Tim's sac with the other. Jax had a guy-sized mouth, but no way could he deep throat that monster -- hell, most of the pros at Caracara probably couldn't. And yeah, while Jax's primary interest was in women, he was getting a remedial session in why it could be good for the guy sucking dick, too ... except for a few obvious differences, it was the same thing as going down on Tara, and Jax loved to go down on a woman.

Smell -- not the smell of a woman, but a good smell, too, a musky one that said "sex" to the crocodile brain.

Taste -- earthy and salty with a sharp tang where a woman was more smoky, different but just as good.

Feel -- the thousand little micropulses of it throbbing against your tongue and fingers, the infinitesimal swelling that accompanied a fresh surge of precome, the silky texture of the skin itself against tongue and fingers, tracing the mushroom shape of the head with your tongue, the almost blistering heat of it, the weight of if, the fullness of the sac in your hands, the bursting fullness and strain when you put a finger just behind the sac and felt the shape of the cock just on the other side before crooking it a few times, tickle-teasing .... The feel of the blood going straight to your own cock, the feel of it throbbing in time to your pounding heart.

Power -- this above all. Hearing the gasps, and the swears, and the moans, and the begging, and a thousand other little cries, having so much damn control over them, bringing a person to the brink, and knowing that it's all because of you.

"Stop!" Tim's hands clenched in his hair, pulling him away. "Don't want to -- not in your mouth," he choked out, voice ragged.

Dean sucked in a rasping breath. "Want Tim to be the middle of the sandwich." He clenched his teeth and panted as he slowly withdrew from Tim.

"Okay, tell me what to do," Jax said, rising, sliding the chair back into place.

Tim visibly collected himself and said, "Lie down on your side, facing me."

Okay, yes, this he could do.

Jax positioned himself and Tim scooted over, got a good grip on his ass, lined himself up against Jax and and began the bump and grind. Face to face wasn't the best angle, but as the little crackles of staticy goodness crackled up his spine in response, Jax had no doubt they'd get there. After a few seconds Dean came up from behind, Tim paused, hooked his leg up and around Jax's hip, bringing them even closer together, and clenched his teeth and hissed against Dean's entry.

It took them a few minutes, a lot of shoving on Dean's part, and a false start or two to find the groove. And after that, Jax just closed his eyes and kissed Tim back as they rocked against each other, and when the time was right -- a moment after Dean came with a loud, shuddering groan -- he wrapped a spit-slick hand around himself and Tim and brought them to the finish.

They collapsed in a sex sticky heap, utterly wrung out. Only through sheer strength of will did Jax roll away and make his legs move to the bathroom where he grabbed the first towel he saw and brought it back to the bed, turning out the lights on the way. Tim was sound asleep by the time he climbed back on the bed. Jax didn't have memories beyond wiping away the worst of the mess and handing the towel to Dean.

~oo(0)oo~

The smell of coffee and the sound of conversation woke Jax several hours later. God. Coffee. Black sunshine. What would life be like without coffee? He cracked an eye to see if he could gauge the time by the amount of light in the room -- it was late enough that the only stiffy he had was from the need to piss -- and discovered that Tim and Dean were still in bed with him. When did Dean set the coffee maker?

Wait, who was that talking?!

Reaching out and shaking Tim's shoulder, he croaked, "You gotta wake up, man. I think there's somebody else in the house."

"Huh? Wha?" Tim slurred, barely roused into a state of sludgy semi-consciousness.

Wow. Jax hadn't thought it possible for a person to be less of a morning person than him, but Tim had him beat by a country mile.

Dean came to with a series of muttered curses while Tim just groaned and rolled over, burying his face in the pillows.

"So, who made coffee?" Jax asked, hissing softly under his breath as he sat up and swung his legs over the side of the bed. Shit, he'd slept too still and was stiff like a board. He needed to take a leak something fierce, too.

"That would be Sam," Dean grumbled as he sat up, rubbing his hands over his face before scrubbing them almost viciously through his hair, turning a case of bed-head into something even worse. "You and me, buddy, are going to have to do the walk of shame."

Jax stretched. "What?"

Dean climbed off the bed, smacking Tim on the ass, which only prompted a no-look flip of the bird. "Our clothes are out there. You need to get yours." Dean grinned conspiratorially at him, "Let's go give Sammy a show." When he sensed that Jax wasn't immediately following, he said, "Dude, you got nothing to be ashamed of." He leered. "I would know."

Jax glanced over at dead-to-the-world Tim. Indeed he would.

Oh, why the hell not? It wasn't like Sam couldn't figure out what three sets of male clothes scattered throughout the front room meant. And sometimes the best defense was a good offense. It was much harder to bust someone's chops if they turned the tables on you.

~oo(0)oo~

Sam Winchester wasn't what Jax expected. For starters, he was big, like Opie big, and his hair and eyes were darker than Dean's.

Sam's pretty blonde lady friend also wasn't what Jax (or Dean) expected. She gasped and dropped her coffee cup a moment after they sauntered into view. It shattered on the kitchen floor, sending coffee everywhere.

"Well, that didn't go like planned," Dean muttered after they'd gathered their clothes and sprinted back to the room, her laughter and Sam's grumbles chasing them all the way.

Jax pissed then gave his shirt and jeans a cursory sniff test before putting them on. Thank god they didn't reek like this room, and well, the ride home would take care of any lingering funk.

"Sorry about that," Dean grinned almost sheepishly as they re-entered the kitchen. "We weren't expecting to shock and awe anybody but Sammy." Ignoring the death glare directed at him by his brother, Dean held out his hand and continued, "Dean."

She smiled a little tightly and held out her hand, "Julie. Julie Taylor."

Swallowing his pride, Jax held out his hand to the both of them and introduced himself. Sam raised an eyebrow and as he passed him a cup of coffee. Jax pasted his most innocent smile on his face as he accepted it. Yeah your brother and his boyfriend did some entertaining last night, so fucking what?

"Okay, well, this is awkward," Julie said, breaking the silence. "I promise that Sam and I will never just get in my car and drive up again. We'll call first."

Dean grinned at that then said, "Well, depending on what time you called, I can't say as we would've picked up."

She laughed.

Jax didn't want to linger over his coffee, but he fucking needed something this morning after last night's workout. It turned out that Julie was a journalism major. In addition to being very pretty with her thick blonde hair and big hazel eyes, she certainly had a brain and a mouth on her. She was more snarky than Tara, but the same strongheadedness was there. Sam was going to have his hands full with this one ... and not just because she was busty.

He excused himself, put his cup in the sink and got his ass out the door.

Julie's car turned out to be little Chevy Aveo. Jax snickered as he tried to picture Sam crammed into it like some sort of clown car. He glanced at the Buick. At least he'd ride back in style.

He swung his leg over his bike, got her started and headed down the road. The engine had arrived for Tim's truck, and while he didn't like working on a Saturday, he felt he owed it to Tim, seeing as he'd soon be without a car. If he, Sack, and Opie busted their asses, they could get it and the transmission back in early tonight and Jax could call Tim to come pick it up on Sunday.

He could lie to himself and say that his interest was purely business, after all, Caracara's top stud needed to keep working.

Or he could be honest and admit that while last night would probably never happen again, it was good to have friends outside SAMCRO, and there was just something about Tim and Dean that made Jax feel that they were the right kind of people to know.