"Not if I found it on the highway would I take it."

"I was going to find a way into Mordor," he said faintly. "I was going to Gorgoroth. I must find the Mountain of Fire and cast the thing into the gulf of Doom. Gandalf said so. I do not think I shall ever get there."

Frodo stood before me, and I looked at him in astonishment. No. I stared at him caught by a sudden desire to protect his vulnerability. He looked up at me with a silent plea, his wide gaze an arrow into my soul. I caught him as he swayed, picking him up and holding his slight body close in my arms. He pressed his face to my breast, sighed, and lay still.

Turning to Sam, who hovered close by, I said, "Sam, I am going to have Frodo sleep in my chamber tonight. He will be able to rest better there."

Sam looked at me as though he didn't like my plan but said nothing.

"That way you can rest better yourself. You need your strength to watch over him in the days to come."

Sam nodded his acknowledgment and bowed low.

"Good night, Captain, my lord," he said. "You took the chance, sir."

"Did I so?"

"Yes, sir, and showed your quality: the very highest."

I carried Frodo quickly to the back of the cave. His body trembled from the cold and his bone deep weariness. I walked into my small chamber carved out from the cave's rock and lay him gently on the bed. He relaxed gratefully into the fur coverings as I went to the room's opening and drew the leather curtains closed. Two steps brought me to the room's small hearth, and I built up the fire into a crackling blaze. At least I could make sure he was warm for one night.

Turning back to the bed, I saw that he still shivered from the cold. He opened his eyes and looked up at me. I was caught again by his Elvish delicacy; only the furry feet told against it.

"Come, Frodo, let's get you out of your clothes and under the covers. You'll soon be warm enough."

He looked up at me trustingly when I sat on the bed next to him. I smiled back at him, leaning forward and undoing the leaf-shaped clasp that held his cloak together. Pulling the cloak from under his body, I tossed it on the bedside table. Next came his jacket, tunic and shirt. As I removed his shirt, I saw the gleam of silver and understood that he wore a shirt of chain mail underneath. What a poor phrase "chain mail" is to describe the silken garment that lay revealed.

He watched me looking at it wonderingly. Lips curved in a tender smile. "It is a mithril shirt made by the dwarves of the Lonely Mountain. My cousin Bilbo gave it to me when the Company set out from Rivendell. It has saved my life once already. Would that it could have saved Gandalf..." His voice trailed into silence, and the smile faded at the memory of his loss.

"It is marvelous fair, but you will not need its protection tonight," I said to him. I took its hem and drew it up his torso, pulling it off when he raised his arms to help me. My breath caught in my throat as I looked down at his thin chest, the golden ring on a silver chain resting there quietly. I wondered if it burned him. A livid scar slanted across his shoulder, a wound not new and yet not fully healed. I traced the line of the scar with my fingers. Frodo moaned softly, eyes shadowed with remembered pain. His lips trembled, and he wept softly. I stroked his hair, filled with the helpless knowledge that there was little I could do to ease his suffering.

"Get under the covers and warm yourself," I said to him abruptly. He flinched at the sudden harshness in my voice but obeyed me. I stood up and went to the hearth, kneeling to poke at the fire. Now it was my hands that were trembling from some unnamed emotion. I needed to recover my composure. Standing up after a long minute and turning again to the bed, I saw that Frodo had propped himself up, one hand clutching the covers to his chest. He looked at me questioningly through eyelashes wet with tears.

Taking a deep breath, I gentled my voice. "Sleep now. You are safe here tonight."

He sighed and slipped back into the covers, enormous eyes still watching me. I pulled the room's only chair close to the bed, sat on it, put my legs on the bed, and pulled one of the furs over me. I smiled at him and said again, "Sleep. You are safe." Slowly he relaxed, snuggling deeper into the warmth of the covers. I watched his eyelids grow heavy. Finally, he slept.

I woke in the dead of night. The fire had burned low, leaving the chamber chilled. Frodo was tossing back and forth on the bed, moaning "no no no no no". Leaning over him, I took him gently by the shoulder, saying "You're only dreaming, Frodo Baggins." He startled awake, panting softly. I looked down at him, marveling again at his clear Elvish face. He looked at me and breathed, "I'm cold, Faramir."

I went to the fire and built it up again. Sitting back in the chair, I pulled off my boots and stripped off my tunic. Frodo drew open the covers, moving away from the middle of the bed to make room for me. I crawled in and pulled him to me, his head pillowed on my arm. We lay quietly spooned together under the fur.

I felt myself harden.

I was shamed.

How could I take advantage of his simple trust of me?

Then.

He pressed his small bottom against me.

A fierce joy filled me as I pulled him hard against me. He pressed his face to my bare arm and rubbed his warm soft lips back and forth against the sensitive skin. A sweet fire shot through me as I stroked his thin torso, drawing circles around the velvet nipples with my fingertips. He gasped and wriggled against me. When I raised my head and pressed my lips to his smooth throat, he moaned softly, and I felt the vibrations against my mouth.

"Frodo, I don't want to hurt you."

He turned in my arms and looked up at me with the answer in his brilliant eyes. Twining his frail arms around my neck, he pulled my head down to his. We kissed softly at first, just a taste with closed mouths. Then, mouths opening to each other, I could hold back no longer. I forgot his frailty, his vulnerability, his utter helplessness in my arms. I ravaged his mouth, tongue questing and finding the honey there. Sweetly he accepted me, cherry mouth sucking my tongue deeper and making my senses spin.

He clung to me as I rained kisses on his throat. I ran my hands down his naked back, slipping them into his breeches and cupping his perfectly formed cheeks, squeezing hard. Suddenly his hands were at my trousers, unfastening and pulling them off. I was naked in his arms.

Pulling away from me, he looked at me with languorous eyes, looked at his breeches, and then back up at me. "Take these off," he ordered. I obeyed.

Naked, he lay back against the furs, one knee raised, arms above his head. He was completely open to me. I touched his face, cupping his soft cheek. Blue eyes glowed at me in the light of the fire. Trailing my palm down his face to stroke his neck, I pressed my mouth against dark nipples now budded hard. I took one in my mouth and sucked gently. He shivered from delight, not cold or fear. My hand's journey continued past his waist, brushing the nest of dark hair at the apex of his thighs. Dragging a finger up the ridge of his hardness, my hand found the flushed, swollen head. Liquid pearls gleamed there. Looking up at him, I saw his throat arching his head into the furs. Eyes squeezed shut, bruised mouth whimpered wordlessly.

I took him in my mouth and sucked the honey that flowed from the opening of the rosy head. He pushed hard against my mouth, hands twined in my hair. Cupping his balls in my hand, I swallowed him whole, listening to the groans deep in his throat. He thrust in rhythm with my mouth, tight buttocks clenching and unclenching. His body arched like a bow—he cried out sharply. Spasms shook him as he gushed into my mouth and I tasted each sweet, salty spurt. Breathing heavily, he collapsed back into the bed. I took my mouth away, dropping one kiss on the heart-shaped head, another on his navel, lapping up a stray drop. So good.

I raised myself up on an elbow and surveyed Frodo, half expecting that he would be asleep after his release. His smooth body was covered in a fine sheen of sweat. He wasn't asleep. He lay there looking at me, corners of his plump mouth turned up in a smile. His eyes moved down my body and stopped at my hardness. He held his arms out to me and opened his thighs.

"I want to feel you inside me."

"I don't want to hurt you."

"What could you do that would hurt me more than I have already suffered?"

Arms, now strong, pulled me down onto him. We kissed deeply. I pressed my body to him, my roughly haired thighs slipping between his smooth ones, spreading his knees wide. Taking my hardness in my hand, I rubbed back and forth against him, my slickness smoothing the way. When I pushed into him, his muscles resisted briefly before opening to me. He cried out, once.

I gasped, "Do you want me to stop?"

Frodo wrapped his legs around my back and pulled me into him. Driving deeply into his tight heat, I felt him hardening again. Now I couldn't stop even if he wanted me to. Thrusting hard, all I knew was the feel of him: the heat, tight so tight, my climax gathered inside me. Rearing up on my arms, I ground into him as I shot and shot and shot and felt his orgasm splash against my belly.

Slowly, so slowly, I lay back on him. I rolled to one side, slipping out of him, pulling him against me so that we lay entwined side to side. Looking down at him, I dropped soft kisses on his fair face. He looked at me, his tender mouth a tremulous smile.

"How do you feel?" I breathed.

"Safe."