Fun At The Pool 

My fiancée and I like to have fun by her flashing strangers by wearing
short skirts, letting truck drivers see her as we drive by etc. We had 
a vacation planned and decided to put her exhibitionism talents to work 
at the pool. 

My fiancée and I had a short vacation planned. We play a little game of
dares, which results in exhibitionism. Since we were going to be out of 
town for our vacation I decided to give her some dares to see how much 
of herself she would expose to some lucky strangers. 

Prior to our vacation, I bought her a yellow string bikini and a thong
bikini. I thought these would be useful tools to be put to use in my 
dares. After I got them home, I took the yellow bikini and removed all 
of the lining from the top and the bottom. This only left a very, very 
thin layer of material covering her gorgeous body, knowing that once 
this was wet it would show all of her assets. 

My fiancée will never turn down a dare. Sometimes she is hesitant
depending on how extreme I make her dare, but she cannot stand for me 
to call her chicken. The good thing about these dares is that the 
strangers get a view but do not get to touch with the exception of a 
small amount of contact during a dirty dancing dare or some similar 
dare. This leaves her very horny knowing that someone has been looking 
at her exposed pussy or tits and then I get the benefits of how horny 
this leaves her. 

We left on Friday morning for our vacation to a nearby lake. After we
checked into the hotel, I suggested we take a swim. Staci thought that 
sounded good so I then told her I have a dare for her. As she blushed, 
she asks what my dare was. I told her I had bought her a new swimsuit 
that I would like for her to wear. Once we get to the pool we are going 
to pick out a couple of lounge chairs to layout on in a location that 
when she gets out of the pool she will have to use a ladder near any 
guys that are at the pool to come back to our lounge chairs. She saw 
the swimsuit and since she wears bikinis all of the time she did not 
think that would be any big deal so she agreed to the dare. 

I then handed her the swimsuit to change and that is when she realized
that it did not have any lining. She said, "David I can't wear this, it 
doesn't have any lining and when it gets wet it will be see through". I 
just smiled and said, "well if you are chicken" knowing that would be 
all it would take to make her fulfill the dare. She then put on the 
yellow bikini and we left for the pool. 

As we walked to the pool I kept thinking, I hope the pool isn't full of
kids and that there are a few guys for to expose herself to. It was my 
lucky day, there were no kids at the pool that afternoon only two 
couples on one side of the pool and a table of four guys right near the 
ladder and one guy laying on a lounge chair on the other side of the 
ladder. 

We picked out two-lounge chairs near the shallow end of the pool with
the plans of her using the ladder at the deep end after she took a swim 
right in front of the table of four guys and the guy on the lounge 
chair. We laid our towels down on the lounge chairs, put our cooler and 
beach bag down and then lay down on our chairs. Staci reached in our 
beach bag, pulled out a bottle of suntan lotion then rolled over on her 
stomach, and asks me to put lotion on her. Believe me she did not have 
to ask but once. As I was rubbing lotion on her, I looked around and 
noticed that the table of guys and the guy on the lounge chair had 
already noticed Staci and how good she looked in her yellow bikini. If 
only they knew how much more they would see once it was wet. 

We lay out for about thirty minutes then I told Staci I thought it was
time for her to get in the pool and cool off. I was going to lay here 
as if I was napping and watch her show from behind my sunglasses. 

Staci got up, still hesitant not knowing what was going to happen to her
swimsuit when it got wet. She walked part way down the side of the pool 
then dove in toward the deep end. She swam down to the end of the pool 
then swam about three laps then began her decent toward the ladder. I 
had to work hard to keep from smiling since I was supposed to be 
asleep. When she reached the ladder, she looked toward me then began to 
climb up the ladder. Just as I had hoped you could see right through 
her swimsuit. Her nipples were clearly visible and were standing at 
attention either due to the cool pool water or the excitement of the 
dare but either way they showed right through the bikini top. As she 
climbed on up the ladder, you could see her pussy lips outlined through 
the bottom since she is shaved. The guy on the lounge chair sat up to 
get a better view and when the guys facing the pool at the table saw 
her they pointed her out to the two guys with their backs to the pool.  
Once Staci was out of the pool she raised her arms above her head and 
squeezed the water out of her hair to give them a little longer show 
then walked past the guy on the lounge chair back to her seat. 

After Staci lay back down on her chair, she reached over and touched me
to wake me and ask if I would like to some more lotion on her. I took 
the bottle and this time she lay on her back. I rubbed lotion on all of 
her body and as I worked my way up her legs she spread her legs for me 
hoping I would touch her pussy. This was another sign of how horny this 
was making her. 

After I finished applying her lotion, I got up and got in the pool to
cool off, both from the sun and from the excitement. While I was in the 
pool another guy came out of the hotel to the pool and after spotting 
Staci laying there in her still wet bikini laying on her back he 
stopped and ask her if anyone was sitting in the lounge chair on the 
other side of her. She said, "No help yourself". Before he sat down, he 
turned his chair so he could get a better view of Staci. Staci talked 
to him a few minutes and when I returned she introduced him to me as 
Allen. Staci would repeat the show about every thirty minutes and when 
she would come back, she would ask me to re-apply her lotion. Since we 
now had someone sitting next to us, each time I would apply her lotion 
I would rub her pussy knowing that Allen could see me. This would 
excite Staci but also cause her to blush. We repeated this for about 
two hours and this was all of the excitement either of us could handle 
so we left the pool and went back to the room for some afternoon 
delight. 

After lunch the next day I ask Staci if she would like to take another
swim. She blushed and asks, "What are you up to?" I told her I had 
another dare for her. She replied, "Okay what this time?" I told her I 
had bought her another swimsuit and I wanted her to wear her new 
swimsuit and go to the pool alone. She was to pick a lounge chair next 
to some guy and tell him I had to make some phone calls before I could 
join her and ask him to apply her lotion. She ask, "Does this one have 
a lining?" I smiled and said yes I didn't remove the lining from this 
one so with hesitation she agreed. I then handed her the swimsuit and 
she said, "David this is a thong." I replied, "I know but it has a 
lining, that was your question." She agreed to the dare but only if she 
could wear a cover up to go through the lobby so I agreed. 

Staci then put on her new thong bikini. I had bought it a size too small
so the bottom was very skimpy and the back strap disappeared into her 
ass. She then put on her cover up and left for the pool. I went out to 
our balcony, which over looked the pool and waited for her to arrive. 

When Staci arrived at the pool, she looked around and saw Allen, the guy
that sat next to us the day before and walked over to him and ask if 
the seat next to him was taken. When he looked up and saw whom it was 
he said, "No, please join me." Staci stepped between her chair and his 
and leaned over to spread out her towel, knowing she was giving him an 
up close view of her ass. She then lay down on her stomach and began 
talking to him. She then handed him her lotion so I knew she had told 
him I would not be there for a little while and had ask him to apply 
her lotion. As he got up, I saw him adjust his cock so I knew the 
thought of applying Staci's suntan lotion was getting him excited.  He 
began by pouring a generous amount of lotion on Staci's lower back. 
Before he started rubbing it in, Staci reached back and unfastened her 
bikini top so she would not have a tan line. You could tell he was 
hesitant as he began to rub in her lotion but as he continued, he 
became bolder and worked his way up her rib cage and rubbed the side of 
her breast. He did not receive any resistance so he continued. 

Allen then got up and moved to the foot of Staci's lounge chair to apply
the lotion to her legs. He tried to sit down on the foot of her chair 
but was crowded so Staci spread her legs to give him room. Allen then 
poured a line of lotion up her right leg from the ankle to her ass 
cheek. He then took both hands and began to work his way up her leg. As 
he got to mid thigh, he looked around to see if anyone was watching him 
or if I was coming toward the pool. When his hand that was on her inner 
thigh got to her pussy, he kept it there and moved his other hand on up 
her ass cheek. I could tell by his movements that he was rubbing her 
pussy through her thong as he massaged the lotion into her ass cheek. 
After doing this for a few minutes, he began at the ankle of her other 
leg. Just as before when he got close to her to her pussy he looked 
around. Then he move both hands to her ass cheek and then took one hand 
and slid it under her waist band and moved it back down to her pussy so 
this time he had his hand inside of her thong bottom. Staci spread her 
legs some more giving him complete access to her pussy. 

Allen kept working on Staci pussy until she began to twitch so I could
tell from my vantage point the he was causing her to cum. Once she 
finished, Allen moved back to his lounge chair and I decided it was 
time for me to join Staci at the pool before this got out of hand.  
Once I got to the pool I spoke to Allen then ask Staci if she wanted to 
take a dip. After we got in the pool and out of hearing distance from 
Allen, Staci told me what happened and that Allen had actually played 
with her pussy and caused her to cum. She asked me if I was upset with 
her because she was only suppose to allow him to apply her lotion, that 
is when I told her I had been watching from the balcony and saw the 
whole thing. 

After we left the pool Staci didn't even bother with her cover up when
we went through the lobby and as soon as we got in our room she had my 
cock out and was giving me one of the best blow jobs I have ever had. I 
am sure this will not be the last dare I will give Staci because there 
are definitely some fringe benefits. 



