Miserably Rollin went down to the celebration where the crowd had thinned considerably. As he expected, Barney and Willie were nowhere to be seen. At first he couldn't see Cinnamon either, but he spotted her in a corner of the room. The Minister of Culture had her pressed to the wall and was putting his hands in places highly inappropriate for such a public venue. Rollin's heart sank, but he could tell from her body language that she was trying to find a way to extricate herself without offending the man. Her hips kept shifting away from his body, and she kept gesturing toward the dance floor.

Striding across the floor, Rollin took a glass of wine from one attendant, gulped it down, handed the glass to another attendant and put a drunken expression on his face. "Cutting in!" he announced cheerfully as he approached Cinnamon and the minister. She shot him an astonished look but didn't resist when he grabbed her hand and tugged her forcefully to him, whirling her around in exaggerated dance steps away from the minister, towards the center of the ballroom.

"What happened?" she hissed into his ear.

"We were interrupted. Someone practically knocked down the princess' door. How long have Barney and Willie been gone?"

"Right on schedule. Phelps is outside smoking with a group of MPs. There's been no sign that anything's amiss -- no security or increased movement." Cinnamon's back felt tense under Rollin's hand. Instinctively he started to knead the knot between her shoulders, then realized how even this minor physical contact was affecting him and how his nose was practically buried in her hair. Quickly he forced himself to let go a bit, to put on a casually drunk expression. The duchess who had been chasing Rollin earlier in the evening gave him a wide smile as he caught her eye; he winked, then twirled Cinnamon around so his back was to the woman, even though the music had stopped.

"Cin, we've got to get down there and find out what's going on. Do you think your minister would give you a tour?"

"Of a top-secret nuclear arsenal? The Minister of Culture is probably one of the ones who don't even know it exists. He's spoken of nothing all evening but music, wine and places he'd like to take me alone. I've tried to circulate among those who might know more, but he has been quite persistent." Inadvertently Rollin squeezed her hand too tightly. "Something about him gives me a bad feeling. He's not playing on the level."

Rollin hoped Cinnamon couldn't sense his relief at what was, after all, a setback -- it would have been to their advantage if the minister could have been persuaded to take her beneath the castle alone. "Then we'll have to go down the same way Willie and Barney did, and we'll have to do it quickly -- before the party ends. Why don't you excuse yourself and go to the ladies' room. I'm going to disguise myself as one of the palace staff. Meet me in fifteen minutes at the pillar by the staircase and make sure you've gotten rid of the minister."

"All right. Have you got a plan for getting below?"

"I'm working on it."

Rollin watched until she had left the room, making sure the minister saw her enter the lounge off the hallway. Then he snuck around toward the kitchen until a tall security guard in formal palace dress passed by alone. Unfortunately Rollin didn't have any injectable drugs -- if he had, he could have knocked the princess out before she answered her door, though that might have created a much more dangerous situation so he was glad it hadn't been an option. Now, however, he had no choice but to slam the unsuspecting man's head into a marble column, hard enough to knock him out. Fortunately the man was close to his own height, though thinner. Rollin switched clothes and gave himself a tan with some face powder he had pocketed in Halia's rooms while she had been mixing fragrant oils for the massage.

When Cinnamon emerged from the ladies' lounge, he was waiting for her. So was the Minister of Culture. Rollin thought this might be a problem, but just then Jim Phelps walked past. "Darling!" Cinnamon exclaimed and threw herself into the arms of their startled team leader. "You're not still avoiding me? I've missed you so!" Playing along, Jim put his arms around her while Cinnamon whispered in his ear, fluttering her eyelashes and looking for all the world as if she were sharing romantic secrets. Quickly Phelphs kissed her behind the ear, murmuring something that the Minister of Culture clearly believed to be a sexual overture; with a harrumph he strode away, muttering about loose Hollywood women.

The moment the minister turned the corner, Cinnamon and Jim stepped apart. Rollin joined them, walking as stiffly as he had seen the palace guards move. "Barney and Willie are overdue and I can't communicate with them," Jim said. "What happened with the princess?"

"We were interrupted," Rollin reiterated. "Security came to the door. She sent me away to protect me and told me not to do anything chivalrous -- I was afraid that if I pressed, she'd realize I had a motive for interfering." Sensing curious eyes on their group, he said in a louder voice, "I am sorry sir, but I cannot show you the tapestries. The palace is not a tourist site. Perhaps you would like to visit the Royal Museum of Anchise in the morning."

"We need to get below," Jim confirmed grimly. "Rollin, as soon as we're past this corridor, we're your prisoners. Follow me, I memorized the map for Barney's incursion. If anyone tries to question us, I'm going to slip and drop this." Jim held up what looked like a perfume atomizer. "It's nerve gas. The only canister we have. We need to make sure we save it for the right moment."

The three of them made their way down the great hallway leading from the ballroom, through several side corridors and into what looked like an older area of the castle. Jim led them past an entrance to ancient catacombs, to a newly-drilled tunnel with a bright metal ladder. Surprisingly, there were no guards; Rollin assumed the usual security contingent must by now be busy interrogating Barney and Willie, which could work to the advantage of the rest of the team. IMF policy stated that if any team members were caught, they were to be considered lost, but neither Rollin nor Jim had ever abandoned a colleague in the middle of a mission and Rollin wasn't about to start now.

"After we disarm the weapons, we're going to need a plan to get the others out," he said.

"First things first." From the bottom of the ladder they emerged into a dark corridor with a locked safe in the wall. Jim produced a collection of keys and electronic devices, and soon had the door open. It led to a large, brightly lit chamber filled with electronic equipment. None of the machinery was familiar to Rollin, but Phelps pulled a wad of sketches out of his jacket pocket. "That's the generator...and that's where they're storing the fuel," he explained in a low voice. "Even with Barney and Willie in custody, I can't imagine they've left this area unguarded."

"Then let me go first," Cinnamon suggested. With a tug she pulled loose a ribbon encircling the top of her full skirt. The bottom half of her outfit seemed to fall away. Rollin gaped, but as the gown and slip puddled around her feet, he saw that the bodice had a tailored skirt sewn beneath. She stepped out of the flowing material, transformed from a socialite into a professional.

Rollin finally turned his attention from Cinnamon, only to find Jim watching him with the same strange expression he had worn on the plane. Mentally he berated himself for paying too much attention to their beautiful colleague. "Ready?" he asked, and walked away from the team leader, escorting his lover toward the deadly equipment. He knocked out one guard on the way, and Cinnamon nearly charmed the two remaining guards into believing she and Jim were experts brought in by Halia to assist with the power supply, but in the end it didn't matter, for Halia and several men came into the room escorting Barney and Willie in custody and all hell broke loose.

Jim broke away and fled, but since he wasn't wearing a mask, he was recognized and taken back into custody before he could escape. Barney dove for the weapons control, but was apprehended before he could disarm the missiles. Willie fought off several guards single-handedly, but couldn't do a thing when faced with two machine guns. Rollin tried to shrink into the background hoping he wouldn't be noticed, but when a few of the men pinned down Cinnamon and Halia approached her furiously, he took an instinctive step toward the two women. The princess glanced up, apparently curious why a household security guard would be protecting the missiles. She almost walked past him, the makeup serving as an adequate disguise, but in contrast to the submissive palace staff, he inadvertently met her eyes...which went wide as she recognized Rollin.

"You," she hissed. "So this has all been a setup. And she..." Halia turned back to Cinnamon, her eyes darkening, and without warning struck the other woman across the face. Cinnamon barely reacted, but Rollin lunged forward without thinking and was quickly grabbed by two of Halia's men. "I should have known. Men from your country are never to be trusted, always meddling in the affairs of every other nation. Or are you both working for my Minister of Culture? You support his plans for nuclear proliferation? Does your own government know what you are doing, or is this a privately funded invasion, to create a profitable war for your oil tycoons?"

"What?" Out of the corner of his eye Rollin exchanged a glance with Cinnamon, who looked just as confused as he felt. "Princess, this is not what it looks like. Miss Navarre and I..." He gestured in Cinnamon's direction as much as he could with the guards holding his arms. "We were just looking for someplace quiet to talk..."

Halia threw back her head and laughed, a rich sound of genuine delight. "Indeed. And you chose to sneak into a top-secret facility after she spent the evening hanging on every foul-breathed word of the Minister's. What a coincidence. My poor dear, did this man not tell you his sad story? He is already in love..."

Abruptly Halia fell silent, inhaling deeply. Rollin thought she must have remembered what she had said to him about wanting to protect her country, but the princess wasn't gasping in betrayal, she was scenting something in the air. Her eyes narrowed to slits. "What is that lovely perfume you are wearing?" she asked in a deadly hiss, turning her glare on Rollin. Cinnamon, too, tried to meet his eyes, but Rollin dared not look away from the princess. "That is 'My Sin,' no?"

"Well...yes, it is." Cinnamon sounded mystified about how her perfume could possibly be relevant. Jim, Willie and Barney were staring, too, not at Cinnamon or the princess, but following the women's gazes to Rollin. "It's very popular among actresses in Hollywood, though of course it's not as elegant as the..."

"So I hear." A slow, wicked smile had begun to cross Halia's face. Abruptly she turned to the guards. "Take these three men and throw them in one of the old dungeon cells. Make sure there are several guards present. I want the Minister of Culture to start the interrogation immediately, and I want the proceedings recorded." As the guards began to shuffle Willie and Barney out, she added, "I will deal with these two myself."

Three guards remained in the room. Rollin thought briefly about his chances for escape -- he'd fought worse odds and won -- but he wouldn't leave Cinnamon to Halia's mercies. And she knew it. "I do not think I will interrogate you just yet," she announced, brushing fingernails like claws across Rollin's chin. "We will start with the woman. If she does not cooperate, feel free to use physical force. Do not worry about disfiguring her. Then neither the Minister nor this man will have any reason to..."

"Your Highness, please, let me explain." Rollin spoke fast, almost babbling. "She doesn't know anything. She only came to Anchise because I asked for her help." Cinnamon stared but did not attempt to contradict him. "There's no reason to implicate her in..."

"I don't care whether she knows anything or not!" Halia's eyes blazed as she stepped forward; even the guards shrank back. "You do not want her tortured and that is reason enough for me to do it. I am fighting to keep my country and my son safe, to stop a war, and you come in, whether for mercenary reasons or political ones it doesn't matter, you and your friends break into the armory trying to steal the weapons, or perhaps you have already made a deal with my minister. Millions of lives could be at stake. You are terrorists. My conscience is clear!"

"You've got it all wrong! We came here to disarm the weapons, not to steal them!" Cinnamon made a furious noise in her throat, but Rollin continued to speak anyway. "We don't work for our country's government. We're a private amnesty group." Halia wanted honesty -- perhaps honesty had been the way to approach her all along, and the IMF had made a mistake. Obviously there was much more going on within the court of Anchise than they had understood, and the Minister of Culture had deceived all of them. "We had a report of a plan to smuggle the missiles out of Anchise -- we were trying to protect your people and the citizens of the world!"

"Then why could you not have come through the front door!" Halia raged. "Why should I believe you now when everything you have told me is a lie?" Breathing hard, she glanced at Cinnamon. "Perhaps not everything. Your lover -- Cynthia, isn't it?" The look of betrayal on Cinnamon's face stabbed into Rollin like a knife before her control reasserted itself. But Halia had seen it, too. "He told me all about you." The princess smiled again, but behind the triumphant glare, Rollin could see regret in her eyes. "He adores you, you know. He is not skilled enough at lying to pretend otherwise." Now Cinnamon looked confused, and the princess melancholy. "But I see that was not enough to stop him from using you the way he tried to use me."

"You're right." Both women's heads jerked up sharply. "I'm a real bastard, Halia. I was using her. But it's not her fault. She was only doing what I asked her to do, to distract people. She doesn't know anything about any of this. Let her go."

"I cannot do that."

"You can. You want to protect people from the missiles without sacrificing your political clout -- here's your chance. Let my friends disarm them. No one outside this room ever has to know. If you need someone to punish for breaking into your palace, let it be me. She's innocent. Don't hold her responsible."

Halia regarded him sadly. "You truly believe in your cause. And I see now that you truly do love her." Rollin glanced from the princess to Cinnamon, who looked as rattled as he'd ever seen her. They were far off the script, the mission was falling apart, and worst, he suspected she finally believed his feelings. Their captor turned to her guards. "I must question the others. Keep these two locked up, but not the dungeon -- put them in the room off the old stone corridor. Make sure there is always one extra guard. I will contact you once I learn the truth from the other intruders."

With an imperious toss of her head, she left the room, leaving Rollin, Cinnamon, and three stone-faced soldiers. Two of them tightened their grips on Rollin's arms while the third took Cinnamon, escorting them roughly past the machinery and into the hallway. They were marched up stairs, into an older section of the palace, to a chilly, windowless bedroom.