I don't know how long I was asleep but I woke up when the man came back into the room.  The after affects of the drugs he used to knock me out in the van must have been wearing off and my head was not swimming like it did earlier.  I heard him moving around the room and I was not sure what he was doing.  He untied my legs and then moved to the head of the bed and said, "I'm going to untie you now.  You need to eat something.  So I'm going to untie your wrists and sit you up and remove the gag so you can eat.  If you disobey me, I will tie you back up and you will not get to eat.  Do you understand?" he said.

I nodded and he untied my right wrist and then he untied my left one and told me to sit up.  I did and he said, "I'm not going to remove your blindfold yet.  You haven't earned that privilege yet so don't take it off.  Okay?"

I nodded and he put a sandwich in my hands and I ate it quickly afraid he would take it away or something.  I ate the food I was given and when I was done with it he gave me a bottle of water and I drank it all.  I was sitting on the bed in my t-shirt and panties and I wiped my face with the back of my arm.  

He picked up the items he brought into the room it sounded like he left the room for a moment and came back.  "Now then I did something nice for you so I expect you to do something nice for me.  I'm going to take off my pants and I want you to suck my cock.  Do you know how to suck cock little one?"

"Noooooooo!" I yelled and I tried to go away from the sound of his voice clambering on the bed until I fell off it and hit the floor with a crash.  He came over to me and he grabbed my arm and pulled me up to my knees.  No please don't!  I don't want to do that!  Please don't make me!  I don't even know you, please!"  I cried as he held my arm and squeezed it making sure I didn't get away from him.  "Noooooo!" I screamed.

All of the sudden I felt like my left cheek exploded.  The pain on my face hurt so much I felt like I would die.  I cried and then another slap on my other cheek.  "Owwwwwwww!  Stop it!" I cried as I held both cheeks in my hands.  They felt like they were on fire.  I sobbed and wailed begging him to stop hitting me.  It was then that he let me be and the pain subsided and my crying slowed.  

You try to get away from me again or not do as I say again and I will beat you again!  Do you understand?" he said.  I nodded furiously and waited for instruction.   Like I said I want you to suck my cock little one.  I want you to suck my cock and I want you to suck it good.  No teeth, and you don't stop sucking it until I tell you to or I cum in your little mouth.  Do you understand?" he said.

I nodded again and then as I stayed on my knees on the floor he moved in front of me and I felt his presence as he unzipped his pants and I heard them slide to the floor.  I waited for him to tell me what to do and I didn't have to wait long.  He put his cock against my lips and pushed it into my mouth.  I accepted it, I was scared that he would hit me again if I didn't.  I felt it slide inside and I opened wider as he pushed inside me.  I had sucked my boyfriend's cock before so I wasn't clueless to what was going on.  I knew it felt good when a girl sucked a boy's cock just like it did when a boy licked a girl's pussy.  So I started rolling my tongue around his cock and played with it as he pushed more and more into my mouth.

I decided that it was better for me to do what he wanted for now to stop from being beaten again.  I took his cock more and more and I reached up and put my hand on his cock and used it to pump him off as I sucked him.  I knew that would make him cum faster and I was most interested in getting him to be done with me and if that meant to make him cum, so be it.  

"Ohhhhh yeah darling!" he said as I sucked him between my lips and allowed him to pump his cock inside my mouth more willingly than before.  "Suck that cock baby.  You are gonna make me cum.  Do you want to swallow my cum little one?"  I didn't answer I just continued to suck his cock as he pumped it in and out of my mouth.  "Well do you?" he raised his voice to me and I got scared again and pulled it out of my mouth and replied.

"Yes.  I want you to cum in my mouth."  I said scared again that he would slap my face again.  

"Yeah bitch, I figured that you wanted it.  Suck it!" he said and he put his hand behind my head and started fucking more and more of his cock inside my mouth.  The scariest part was not being able to see anything.  I never knew if he was happy with the job I was doing or upset until he hit me.  

I continued sucking him until he began to moan loader.  I thought he would cum soon and I sucked deeper and deeper until he was fucking my mouth pretty hard.  I opened my throat to him and let him fuck my mouth as hard as he wanted to.  He continued and moaned as I felt him begin to spurt.

"Ahhhhhhh yeah! Fuck, Damnit! Suck my cock little girl!  Oh yeah I'm cumming!" he yelled as I sucked his cum down as fast as I could.  I swallowed all that he gave me and in another minute he was done and his actions slowed as he finished unloading in my mouth.  He stopped pumping in and out and then he pulled his cock out from between my lips and stepped away.  I stopped and didn't move until he told me to get back into the bed.  I did as I was told and waited for him to give me another command.  

He didn't.  Instead he took my left wrist and tied it up.  This time he let me lay on my back.  He moved to my left foot and restrained that one again.  Then my other foot and lastly, my right hand was again tied.  He did allow me additional slack.  I was able to move more than I had before.  He put the blanket back over my body and then he put the gag back in my mouth and he stroked my cheeks that must have been red and definitely achy. 

"You get some sleep and remember what you learned tonight."  I acknowledged what he said by nodding and I closed my eyes under the blindfold and fell to sleep almost immediately.  




I slept and when I did I had a very sexy dream.  I was with my boyfriend and we were together and he was under the sheets licking and sucking my pussy.  I remember the dream was very vivid and my body was on fire.  I woke up and was groggy and confused.  I wasn't with my boyfriend.  Instead I was still a captive of the man who took me and I was tied to the bed and the stranger was under the covers with me and it was he who was licking my pussy.

I hated that he was taking advantage of me and doing whatever he wanted to with my mind and my body.  I woke up slowly and he was busy licking me and as much as I hated it he was very good at it and he was going to make me cum soon.  "I acted like I was still asleep and he lifted my legs up further and pulled my legs back as far as the ropes that held me there would allow.  His tongue was deep inside my pussy and a moan escaped my unwilling lips.  "Ohhhhhhh..." That made the man try harder as he knew my body was betraying me.  He wanted to make his victim cum.

"Oh, ah, ahhhhhh ohhhhhhh." I moaned as I felt an orgasm building in my mind and no matter how hard I tried to fight it, I came.  I jolted as I did and I pushed my pussy into his experienced mouth and screamed. "Ahhhhhhhh shit!  Nooooooooo!" 

He held on and licked and sucked my pussy slower now as I began coming down from the high of an unwanted but awesome orgasm.  He finished as fast as he started and he climbed out from under the blanket at the bottom of the bed and put the blanket back on top of me and he left the room.  I lay in the bed alone and thought about what just happened.  I assumed it must have been the middle of the night and he woke up and came into my room and decided to do what he did.  I was angry with myself and I was mad that I was not able to control myself.  I should have fought him off.  I should have stopped him.  But I didn't.  I should have been repulsed.  But I wasn't.  I lay there still thinking and fell asleep.



Day 2

It must have been the next morning and I woke up as my captor entered the room.  I heard him moving about and I felt him remove the blanket from me and he removed my foot restraints.  Then he released my wrists without saying a word to me.  I sat up and rubbed my wrists and waited for him to remove my gag.  He did and unexpectedly he reached behind me and he untied the blindfold and took it off.  The light in the room was blinding and I shielded my eyes from the light coming into the room from the window as he pulled up the blinds to let some light in.  I was right and it was daytime and by the scene outside the window it was morning.  The view was as I expected a woodsy area with lots of trees.

My eyes were still adjusting and the man was still a dark figure against the window.  He picked up a tray with food on it and he moved closer and sat on the bed with me.  I saw him for the first time and I recognized him immediately.  It was the man who was lurking staring at me in the grocery store the night he took me.   

"Here, eat."  He said as he handed me another sandwich.  I ate it slower this time actually chewing.  "You earned the blindfold coming off last night.  Do you understand?"  I nodded and he said, "I'll be back in a few minutes to collect the trash.  Eat your food you will need your strength today and make sure to drink all the water.  I don't need you getting dehydrated on me."

I looked at him and deciphered what he said to me as he walked out of the door and closed and locked the door.  I thought about his statement that I would need my strength today.  He obviously had plans for me today.  I ate all of my food and he came in when I was finished.  He came in the room and he collected my trash and disappeared out of the room and came back quickly with a small bag in one hand and a wet wash cloth in the other and he said,  "Stand up and remove your clothes.  You need to be washed and you have not yet earned a bath.  So take this washcloth and clean your body and I have fresh clothes for you."

I stood up in front of him and begged, "Please sir, please let me go!  I won't tell anyone.  I will just go home and I'll tell my parents I ran away from home." 

"Remove your clothes and do as I say or I will be forced to punish you." He said with a scowl on his face.  I reached down and removed my panties and then took off my top.  I stood in front of him completely naked and I had one hand over my breasts and the other over my crotch.  He cracked a smile and handed me the washcloth.

I began cleaning myself focusing on my armpits and crotch and my face.  "Can I pee?  I really need to use the bathroom."

He watched me clean my pussy with great attention and he said, "Yes you can pee, but you cannot use the toilet.  You will need to earn that."  He walked over and grabbed a big silver bowl from the hallway and he put it in the middle of the room and said, "Use this!"

I looked at him and gave him a dirty look.  "Can I have some privacy please?" 

"No." He said.  I grimaced from the need to pee so I stood over the big bowl while he watched me and I let loose peeing into the bowl hitting my target.  I didn't look at him while I relieved myself but I did see him reach down and adjust himself in his jeans as I figured he was enjoying it.  I stood up and wiped with the washcloth and handed it to him.  

"Did you enjoy the show?" I asked with a smart-ass tone.  

He took the washcloth and with his other hand he slapped me on the face.  My cheek exploded again and I put my hand on my cheek and started crying.  He didn't hit me as hard as he did last night when he made me suck him off.  But it hurt like heck.  I looked at him through sobbing eyes and he said, "You are not disrespectful.  You talk to me with respect and you get respect.  You talk to me like that and that is whet you get.  Do you understand?"

I nodded and stopped crying.  He handed me the small white bag and I took it from him and looked inside.  I took out a clean plain white t-shirt and a tiny pair of silk white panties.  At a closer look the panties were thong style and he smiled at me and told me to put them on.  I did as I was told and after I was dressed he motioned for me to lie back on the bed.  

"Turn over." He said.  I did and I was told and was now on my stomach.  He began tying me to the bed, which I saw for the first time.  It was a huge bed with a headboard and footboards that had silky white ropes tied to the corner posts.  He tied me up again and then replaced the gag in my mouth.  I looked at him wondering if he would blindfold me again.  He had it in his hands and he looked at me and said, I will keep the blindfold for now.  I like being able to look into your eyes.  You have very pretty eyes.  

He stood up and stayed in the room and I looked over my shoulder and he was admiring my ass in the thong he gave me to wear.  He stood there for a minute and then he walked out of the room as he removed the bowl I peed in and locked the door behind him.

I lay on the bed looking around thinking about my situation.  He was definitely in charge and I was not.  It was the first time in my life I was helpless and completely at someone else's mercy.  I thought about him and wondered why he did what he did.  I mean he was not unattractive.  In fact, when I saw him following me in the store it kind of turned me on.  I knew he was looking at my body and I liked it.  It must be a power thing.  I read somewhere that to some people sex is all about power.  And he loved power but he also liked making me feel good or he would never have eaten my pussy the night before.  I fell asleep on my tummy thinking about it all.

I woke up as I heard him unlock my door.  I looked at the door as he entered and he was wearing only a pair of shorts with no shirt on and he came into the room and sat next to me on the bed.  He was looking at my ass and I looked over my arm at him still with the gag in my mouth.  "Pervert!" I said through the gag sure he was not able to understand me.  

His face changed and he and he got very angry.  "Pervert huh?" he said as he reached over and gave my bare ass a loud slap.  "Is that what you think I am little one?  You think I am a pervert?"  He landed another hard smack on my ass this time on the other cheek.  I got very scared and he got comfortable and centered himself on the bed near my butt.  Smack!  He hit me again.  But this time it felt different.  Don't get me wrong it hurt like hell.  But something happened that was different.  I had butterflies in my tummy and I couldn't believe it but my pussy was getting hot.

Every time he spanked my ass I moaned.  At first they were moans of pain and agony, but now they were more like moans of pleasure.  Smack! Smack! He hit me twice.  "Ohhhhhhhh." I moaned. 

He looked at me and smiled.  "Now who is a pervert?  She likes getting spanked!"

I batted my eyes at him and he got behind me and he untied first one foot, then the other.  Then he knelt behind me and he pushed me forward and got me up on my knees in front of him.  He removed the tiny thong that wasn't covering anything anyways and then he moved behind me and put his hand under the t-shirt I was wearing and he pinched the nipple on my right breast.  "Ah!" I screamed as I began to fight his advances and he put one hand on my left shoulder holding me still as he continued to play with my breast.  I cried and moaned in protest and then I leaned back towards him and my butt pressed against his crotch and I felt his cock hard in his shorts.  "Oh shit!" I yelled still gagged but he understood.  He leaned down and he spread my ass wide open and he swiped my ass with his broad tongue and he licked my asshole that was completely exposed to him.

"Stay still you little bitch!  I'm going to fuck you in the ass today.  So you better take it good.  If you don't I'll spank your ass raw!" he said as he went back and licked my asshole.  This time he was not licking me to make me feel good.  He was doing it to add lubrication.  I wiggled my ass away from him and I was determined that he would not fuck my ass today.  He spanked my ass again and harder this time.  I stopped squirming and he continued sucking my ass and this time he shoved a finger inside my butt.

"Ohhhh please no!" I screamed and I was able to look over my shoulder at him and he smiled at me as he fingered my tiny pink hole.  "Please no stop it!  I've never... Please no!"

He seemed to understand me and he said, "Never?  Not even with your little boyfriend?  I know if I was with you I would be fucking this ass almost every night!"  He said as he shoved his entire finger inside me.

"Ohhhhhhh no!" I wailed as he continued his attack.  He stood up and he moved closer to me and he spit in his hand and rubbed it on his big cock.  This was the first time I saw it and it was not huge but it was at lease seven inches long and he pressed it against my unwilling hole and pushed.  Within a second he had the head of his cock inside my ass.  "Ahhhhhhhhhhh!"  I cried as I tried to get use to his meat in my hole.

I had never taken anything in my ass and it was torture.  The worst part again was that my body was again betraying me and my breathing was getting deeper and my heart raced as he began to push his cock in and out of me.  I hated the experience and would never have considered letting my boyfriend ever do this to me.  But he reached under and he found my engorged clit and began to rub it.  I felt a bolt of pleasure shoot through my pussy and I leaned down and buried my face in the sheets.  

I was beginning to enjoy the attack on me and as I suspected was starting to enjoy it.  I looked back at him again and said,  "Please... Don't...  Stop!"  My mind was even betraying me and I realized I just begged him not to stop.

"Okay!" he said, as he started moving faster.  "I won't stop!  I'm gonna fuck your little ass just like I wanted to the night I grabbed you when you were wearing those tight little yoga pants."  His cock sawed in and out then he grabbed both of my hips and shoved the rest of it inside me and I took it all.  "Uhhhhhhhh yeah your ass is sure tight little one!" he moaned as he kept it inside me and I closed my eyes in pain and disgust.

"Oh please no!" I cried out but there were no tears.  I repositioned myself and I spread my legs wider giving him better access to my ass.  He smiled and then started fucking me harder as I remained under his control.  He bounced my ass back and forth in front of him and I turned again and watched him as he fucked me.  He reached under my shirt again and began pinching and twisting my nipples as he pounded me from behind.  I watched him and he fucked me with no regrets.

I felt another orgasm build and I couldn't believe it.  I was being raped by this man in the ass and I was under his control and about to have yet another orgasm.  I was confused and disgusted with myself when he moved his hand back down to my clit and this time when he touched it I exploded wrenching his cock in my ass.

"Oh yeah little one cum again!"  He said as he pounded my ass really hard.  He exploded inside me and I felt his cum filling my ass.  I moaned and groaned under his touch as he shot load after load into me.  "Ahhhhhhh yes!" he yelled as he emptied himself into me.  When he was finished he pulled himself out of me and admired the cum that must have been oozing out of me and he sat there smiling.  

I stayed put with my ass in the air as he looked at it and I lay my face and breasts on the mattress giving my back a seductive arch.  He smiled at me and said, "I was right!  You have an ass that was made for fucking!" he said as he smacked my ass cheek and began getting off the bed.  He returned to the room with a warm wet washcloth and he proceeded to clean me up and he wiped cum that oozed from my asshole and I enjoyed the warmth of the cloth on my abused little hole.

I watched him as he finished and he pushed me down on the bed and covered me back up again and this time he didn't tie my feet to the bed.  I was so worn out I closed my eyes and fell back asleep in no time. 

