ONE AND DONE. Or so I thought.
by FunKelly

ONE AND DONE. Or so I thought. Part 11

I put on my robe and returned to the kitchen, before Paul entered the house. His laptop was still open to the photos of Felix, who was painting the female life models, at his very public exhibitions. I was just happy to see him walk in with some beer and wine, along with the charcoal he originally went out for. Paul didn't bring up my life modeling invitation from Felix, and neither did I. I poured myself a glass of wine to help calm my nerves, as the events of the weekend were starting to catch up with me. Paul grabbed a beer, put the rest in the fridge, and took the charcoal out to the grill, as I followed with last night's leftovers. I placed the tray off food on the picnic table, then returned to the kitchen.

I was sipping my wine at the kitchen table, when I received a text notification on my phone. I immediately thought it was Francesca, wanting the website address where my naked photos had been posted. I was stunned to read, "You have new comments posted to your recent photo submittal". OMG! I looked out the window to see Paul lighting the charcoal grill and pulled up the message. My anxiety level hit an all-time high, as another of my day's humiliating ordeals, had just been revealed to anyone who had Wi-Fi! The utter shame that had enveloped me, was indescribable! I read the first comments ever to be posted about my naked body on the internet, now that nude photos of me were permanently uploaded, for all to see.

...."AUTHENTIC! That's the only way to describe this post! The expression on the girl's face illustrates the genuine surprise, shame and humiliation she is experiencing, at the hands of the photographer! Judging by the background, she is in the hallway of some type of school. How she ended up naked in such a public environment, is anyone's guess. Maybe she was pulled into the hallway from the girl's locker room or shower, by some cruel schoolmates! Maybe she lost a bet to an unforgiving nemesis! Who knows! Who cares! I just love seeing her in such a shameful predicament! The look of desperation plastered across her face is Priceless!"....

Before I could come to grips with the Pandora's box, I may have just unwittingly opened, another notification came across my phone.

...."Without a doubt, this girl should be the 'Poster Child' for "NAKED AND ASHAMED! You can almost feel the overwhelming humiliation she must have been experiencing, when the photos were taken. She seems oblivious to what is happening to her at first, until it is too late. Her hesitation allowed the photographer to capture the awesome full frontals, displaying her bald pussy and tiny tits, which only adds to the indignity of her situation! I love it! I love it! I love it!"....

I was in panic mode as I scrambled to shut off the volume to my phone, only seconds before Paul walked back into the kitchen. I must have appeared visibly shaken, because he said, "Honey. Stop worrying about posing for Felix. If you're not comfortable with the idea, then just don't do it", as he kissed me on the cheek, grabbed another beer from the fridge and headed back out onto our deck. "If he only knew what I was truly distraught about", I thought to myself. I was consumed with the idea that if I have already received two comments about my posted photos, both including such detailed observations and analyses of my plight, how many more comments should I expect to receive? More importantly, how could I have been so naive, that I did not realize my cell # would be tied to the original post? Will I need to get a new phone number? These were the questions that started to haunt me.

As I was contemplating my dilemma, I noticed the screen on my cell phone light up again. I picked it up to find a third comment had been left on my post. It read as follows.

...."You can't help but feel compassion for this poor girl. Whether her situation started out as a bet, a dare, a cruel prank or just a bad idea altogether, she is obviously under intense emotional duress, while almost to the point of tears. I for one, feel sorry for her"....

"Finally! Someone understood how I was feeling!", I thought to myself. "Both at the time the photos were taken, and at this very moment". A simple lapse of judgement should never lead to such unbearable condemnation. Just when I was feeling I may have found an on-line advocate, the next comments to my post were uploaded to the website.

...."I for one, have no sympathy for the little tramp. She stripped naked in a public space, then whined and cried when someone took pictures of her. Boo Hoo! The dirty little slut asked for it, and she got exactly what she asked for!"....

I felt so ashamed, as I realized there was more than a little truth contained in every one of the comments that had been posted to my photo collection. Their comments had me doing some serious soul searching. I was the naked girl who had 31 incriminating photos of herself, posted on the internet! Worse yet, I was the one who actually posted them! I was also the one who was strolling around naked at the top the staircase of the third floor of the community college, allowing Francesca the opportunity to discover me, thus taking the photos in the first place! I was realizing that I was the one who brought every bit of my public humiliation and disgrace upon myself, when I noticed the next comments were posted.

...."Hip-Hip-Hooray! We have a 'New Post'! I haven't given this website a second thought for almost two years. Then out of nowhere, I received an 'Alert' that there was a 'New Post', so I went to the site and pulled it up. Expecting to be disappointed with another wife or girlfriend caught in the shower picture, I was thrilled to find 31 new photos of this adorable, yet obliviously flabbergasted, naked girl! Look at her! She's extraordinary! The bona fide expressions of sheer anguish, written across her face as she was being photographed, are immeasurable. As you follow the pictures in order, it is obvious that she was taken by complete surprise, by the person or persons who were taking the photos. Yet, she is the one who 'Is Naked' in the school or college hallway, is she not? I'd love to know the back story on this girl. I am so grateful to whoever posted this treasure trove of wonderful new photos! Thank You!"....

Before I knew it, those who were posting comments to the collection of my 31 precarious pictures, were discussing my anatomy, along with my mental state of mind, in real time. Right then and there, as I watched the comments coming up every few minutes, I realized how personal my new-found audience could get. The next comment said,

...."When I zoomed in on the girl's vagina, I noticed that there was not a single sign of stubble or razer burn. This girl had shaved her pussy only hours before the photos were taken. I don't know who took the photos, but this girl was going to expose her bald pussy lips to someone that day! I just wish I was the one, that was going to see her perfect little pussy, up close!"....

I almost died of embarrassment knowing some stranger was zooming in on my naked crotch, so 'He' or 'She' could get a closer look at my freshly shaven vagina. I felt so violated! It was as if my privacy was being infringed upon! The most intimate and personal aspects of both my physique and my psyche, were now on display for all to see! And I was the one who picked the website to post them on! I was mortified! I frantically shut off my phone, filled my wine glass, drank it down then filled it again, and went out onto the deck. I was hoping to be distracted from what might end up being the worst mistake of my life, when Paul walked up and hugged me, saying, "Jen. If you want to pose, then pose. If you don't want to pose, then don't".

I was so consumed with the idea that I had foolishly posted naked pictures of myself on the internet, along with the realization that my 'ill-advised' post had now acquired so many subsequent comments, I had all but forgotten about Felix Laconia's offer to pose in San Francisco. I smiled at Paul but remained silent on the issue. Truth is, after the incredible turn of events concerning my naked internet post, I felt posing for Felix was not a good idea, at least not for me right now. I kept quiet about my decision, allowing Paul the opportunity to mentally visualize his naked wife fantasies, as he drank his beer on our deck.

Paul finished heating the left-over barbeque, and we sat down to eat. I nibbled a little, but the emotional and psychological weight of the weekend's events, had caused me to lose my appetite. Paul and I cleaned up after dinner, then I told him I was going upstairs to take a hot bath. He got another beer, kissed me on my head again, then went back out onto our deck. I grabbed my phone and headed upstairs, promising myself, "I am not going to visit that website again". Yours truly, would soon find out that she would be unable to keep that pledge. I had barely slipped beneath the water in the tub, when I returned to the website. There were eight more comments posted.

I read all the comments, both good and bad. Some I thought were emotionally harsh, but accurately described the images the individuals were observing, at least from their own perspectives. From a physical standpoint, most of the comments were flattering. My clean-shaven pussy seemed to be the topic of conversation, and getting great reviews, while my nipples had been referred to as, "Wonderfully pink wine corks, placed on her almost non-existent tiny pale breasts", which I was perfectly fine with. It's not like I didn't know I had small breasts! Then there was the ever popular, "I bet she has to wear two bras to conceal those babies!", referring to my nipples, which had me questioning the age of the person who had posted the somewhat complimentary review.

Some viewers seemed more focused on the humiliation I was experiencing, while the 31 incriminating photos of my totally naked body were being taken, rather than the public exposure that had preceded them. Those were the ones that had a more sinister regard, toward my emotional crisis. For example, someone posted this comment,

...."I think we all agree we'll never know or understand why this girl is naked in some school hallway somewhere, but 'She' knows. Judging by the time it must have taken to photograph almost ten full frontals, I submit our 'Damsel in Distress', set the entire thing up herself. I don't doubt the mental agony expressed on her face is genuine, what I am saying is, "It was her plan to be caught naked by someone", but somehow it all went sour, so she ended up on our computer screens and cell phones, looking so helpless and humiliated"....

Another, had this interpretation of my photo collection,

...."Did you know, it is possible for someone to be unable to achieve orgasm, unless under extreme circumstances and conditions. Perhaps our little slut arranged the encounter, knowing she would experience overwhelming shame and humiliation, and therefore, be able to bring herself to orgasm. I am willing to go as far as to say, I think she posted these pictures herself! I truly believe this girl yearns for the indignity and shame of her situation. She probably needs the degradation in order to bring herself to climax. I'll bet she craves it! This of course is just my opinion, based on what I see in the pictures, she most likely posted."....

Each person who had commented on my first internet post, seem to feel certain they knew at least part of the story behind my naked encounter with Francesca. Although their summations were mostly way off base, they all seemed to be able to touch on a nerve, when it came to my new-found state of ill-repute. Throughout the weekend, the one undeniable fact was that every experience from removing my top while Mike was visiting, right up to the posting of the most recent comments to my photos, helped me achieve a more heightened state of sexual arousal. "I Do Crave It!", I thought to myself. I got out of the tub, turned my phone completely off, put my robe back on then headed back downstairs to join my husband, fearing my new-found desires were spinning out of control.

The photos of Felix, painting at his exhibitions, were still pulled up on Paul's laptop on the kitchen table. Even though I had already made up my mind not to pose, I filled my wine glass and sat down to examine them further, anyway. Justifying to myself that posing for Felix was 'Art", unlike the naked photos of me now posted on the internet, which could only be construed as 'Pornography', I studied the expressions on the girl's faces who were posing for him. Although they all appeared relaxed, I knew that deep down the experience of being naked in a venue with so many clothed people, would most likely be emotionally excruciating, at least for some of the duration. On the other hand, if I follow thru on my initial inclination and decline the offer, I may agonize over my decision and the lost opportunity, for years to come.

Paul returned to the kitchen, grabbed another beer and sat down beside me. "Still considering posing, I see", he said, with a bit of eager anticipation in his tone. I turned towards my husband, and asked, "Paul. You really would have no problem with your wife posing nude, in front of so many people?', turning my focus back to the event photos. "None whatsoever", he replied, "As long as it is something you feel comfortable doing. Jen, Felix Laconia is a world-renowned painter and sculptor. The spectators are there to view his art, with the hopes of seeing the master himself at work", he continued. "They are not there to gawk at whoever his 'Life Model' is". He got up and headed back out to the deck.

That would be the last discussion Paul and I would have, concerning my posing for Felix, that evening. I knew he wanted me to pose in order to satisfy his own lustful curiosity, but he never pressed the issue, for which I was grateful. My attention was now being diverted towards my noon time meeting with Francesca, the following day. I was now becoming anxious, knowing I had to share the website information, I had posted my naked photos to, with her. I had an ominous sensation come over me, as I was thinking about her reaction to the comments I had received, knowing there may be many more by noon tomorrow. I was uneasy about the encounter, as I imagined Francesca's expressions, while she reviewed the pictures and read the comments. I knew she would undoubtedly ridicule and humiliate me at every possible moment.

Monday morning had arrived. I was scheduled to work from home that day, which made my 12:00 appointment with Francesca, less inconvenient than it otherwise might have been. Paul left for work, leaving me alone with my apprehension and dread, as I tried to focus on my work. "I just want this meeting with Francesca to be over with already!", I shouted! After finishing my second cup of coffee, I suddenly became aware that I had already posted the photos! Francesca may make things uncomfortable for me, but the damage has already been done! Unless she breaks her word, the consequences of my actions, have already been realized! What was I so worried about?

I turned on my phone for the first time since it was shut off the evening before. Twenty-six new comments! Twenty-six! I quickly scanned the recent additions to my internet post, before getting ready for my meeting with Francesca. I was careful to choose my attire wisely, before taking a shower. No makeup and a conservative blouse to go with a pair of blue jeans. The website address containing the 31 naked photos of me, would be the only ammunition I was going to provide for her amusement. I just needed to meet with her, give her the web address and take the verbal humiliation, I knew was in store for me. "After it was over, it would be over!

I still needed to find a way to deal with the onslaught of comments that were being posted, causing my phone's text alert to be going off at all hours of the day and night, based on the times they were posted. I figured I'd find a way around that, one way or another. I planned my trip across town so I would be on time but not early. I walked into the college and up to the third floor. Taking a deep breath, I knocked on Francesca's classroom door. "Come in", I heard her say. I cracked open the door and peeked in like I had yesterday afternoon. "Oh Jenifer! My tawdry little slut! Please come in!", she said, with a great deal of exuberance.

I entered the classroom with a sense of trepidation but walked up to Francesca as confident as anyone could be, under such circumstances. "I have the web address, Francesca, so let's get this over with", I said, as I pulled out my cell phone. Francesca already had her lap top ready to look at my naked images on the web. Just as I was about to tell her the web address, Mrs. Slate walked into the room. She took one look at me, and said, "Oh Jenifer! I wasn't expecting you today. Does your visit today mean you have decided to pose for Felix Laconia next month?" I couldn't move a muscle.

Before I was able to utter a single word, Francesca asked, "You're going to be posing for Felix Laconia? Why didn't you tell me this yesterday, Jen?" I remained silent, as I watched her pick up her phone. "What are you doing?", I asked. "I'm deleting the nude photos I took of you, of course. If I had known you were preparing to pose for Felix, I never would have taken them in the first place. I know how his 'Life Models' are required to pose in unusually large and public venues, which must be why I discovered you fully nude in the hallway". She then looked at Mrs. Slate, and said, "Don't worry Mrs. Slate. I only took the photos as a small prank on an old high school classmate. "So, this means you're going to pose, Jenifer?", Mrs. Slate asked. Completely caught off guard, I simply nodded, "Yes".

Mrs. Slate replied, "That's Wonderful! I'll inform the Sullivans about your decision", as she headed back to her classroom. In a matter of seconds, I had just inadvertently traded a few minutes of degradation at the hands of Francesca, for hours of public nudity, while being surrounded by 100 to 150 fully clothed spectators! Worse yet! My naked photos were already posted on the internet! I had posted them for absolutely no reason whatsoever, as it turned out! The turn of events had me feeling sick to my stomach.

