How Did It Begin?
By onemadvagabond
Chapter 3

Hello.

Hey babe, did I wake you? I heard Emilys cheerful voice from the phone.

Humph, clearing my throat so I could talk properly.  Yeah but thats OK.  What time is it anyway?

Its like ten after nine, time to get up sleepyhead, sounding more cheerful than she had since I got back from Arizona.

Im up, I said dragging it out as I did my morning stretching ritual to shake the sleep out of my body.

I talked to my mom and she said she would drop us off at the mall so we can hang out or go to a movie or something later if you want.

OK, that sounds cooloh wait, I almost forgot, my dad told me I have to wash my moms car today.  I need to do that first or hell freak out, I replied, amazed that Id remembered.

You want me to help?

Yeah, if you want, just give me like twenty minutes to eat and meet me out front.

OK, see you in a few.  Love you, she said that in her usual purr like tone.

Love you too.

I ate a bowl of cereal and was already setting everything up when Emily came out of her house.  I could hardly believe my eyes when I saw her.  Her usual mode of dress consisting of conservative, slightly loose fitting clothing as dictated by her mother was gone.  In place of her usual clothes was a pair of skimpy skin tight light green shorts and flimsy halter top shirt with sandals that had maybe a two inch heel, and that metal chocker she had been wearing.  I had to admit that she looked hotter than I had ever seen her.  I just stared at her the whole way as she walked to my house.

I could hardly speak, but croaked out my greeting. Wow Em, you look...hot.

Emily looked a little unsure of herself having never dressed so sexily, and sounded a little unsure as well. Thanks, do you really like it?

Yeah, you seriously look great.  I cant believe your mom let you out of the house like that.  How did you manage it? I asked while looking her up and down.  The shorts were tight enough to give her a camel toe.  Just seeing that caused the blood to begin draining out of my big head to the little one.  I really liked the look, but did not like the idea that if this was how she was going to start dressing then everyone else would see her like that as well, that would be difficult to deal with.

Um, well, we just had a long talk and she finally said I could pick my own clothes is all.  It was actually easier than I thought it would be, she said as she moved closer putting her hands around my waist and looked up into my eyes.  Are you sure you can handle your girlfriend dressing all sexy and stuff? she asked sounding a little more confident than she looked when walking over to me.

I hesitated for a moment for numerous reasons.  Her shorts gave off that obvious camel toe that I was not sure she was aware of, and the nipples of her small breasts were looking like they would tear right through the thin flimsy material covering them.  I dont know, I mean I love it but I dont know about other guys seeing you like this.  I mean, if you want to dress like that and your mom doesnt mind I could probably get used to it, although I might have to get a little better at fighting, I said giving her a little smile.  I really cant believe your mom let you get those clothes.

Yeah, I guess maybe its because she realizes Im growing up.  I mean its not like Im ten you know? she said looking up at me and batting her lashes.

You definitely do not look like your ten, I said pulling her closer and giving her a kiss.  Emily pushed her tongue into my mouth seeking mine and we kissed passionately.  She reached behind her grabbing my hands and moved them to her sexy little ass before placing hers around my neck and pulling me deeper into the kiss.  I had thought she would stop me as she had never let me kiss her where her mom might witness the act, but this time did not seem to care and I responded by squeezing those firm cheeks with my hands.  The act and her new outfit had caused my erection to hit full mast.

As our kiss ended I looked passed her to her house, Wow, so did your mom change her mind about us making out too?

Pulling away from me and grabbing a sponge out of the bucket she asked, Are we going to wash this car so we can go to the movies or would you rather talk about what my mom thinks about me all day?  I just changed the subject even though I liked her mom very much.  She was an older version of Emily, thin with nice medium sized breasts, and even though I enjoyed looking at her mom like all the guys did, I quickly forgot her and gave all my attention to my girlfriend.


----------

Are you two going to hang out after the movie or do you want me to pick you up when it lets out? Her mom asked as we got out of the car.

Well probably eat at the food court and hang out, Ill call you around six or seven, Emily told her mom as she closed the door not waiting for an answer, which is something I found quite odd.  Emily never acted that way towards her mother, and I thought for sure her mom would say something, but she just smiled through the window, waved and drove away.  Its not that Emily was rude, it is just that she usual waits for her mom to respond or it ends up with Emily apologizing.

----------

We were sitting in the back row of the theatre in the upper level.  I say upper level, but it was really just a few steps higher than the front half of the theatre.  We saw that movie Cliffhanger, it sucked, but then every movie sucked that year.

Putting my arm around her shoulder I asked, Dont you want to sit in the middle where we usually sit?

Not today I dont, she responded mischievously.

I looked over at my girlfriend sitting beside me watching the screen as the previews started.  We had cleaned up and changed after washing the car. I wore jeans and a polo shirt while she had changed into a different halter style top that was a bit nicer than the first one and a very short skirt.  Once again I was amazed that her mother had not said anything about the way she was dressed as the skirt did not even reach mid-thigh.  I had tried talking her out of going to the movies telling her that my sister was gone for most of the day at her part time job, hoping that we could stay there and finally have the sex that was promised two days prior, but she wanted to go see a movie.

The film was half way through when Emily leaned over and began kissing me as she snaked her hand down and started rubbing my dick through my jeans.  Since it was early afternoon the theatre did not have many people in it, but I still found myself looking around to see if anyone would be able to see what she was doing.  I really started to worry when I felt her hand pull my zipper down and slipping inside to rub me through my boxers while her other hand undid my belt and the button on my jeans.

I broke the kiss and whispered into her ear, Em, someone might see us.

Shhh dont worry about it, as long as youre quiet no one will know, she purred as she pulled my dick out into the open, and before I could protest she bent down and took me into her mouth.

Emily did not go down on me with the same urgency that she had the previous three times.  She instead sucked on my cock leisurely as if she did not have a care in the world.  I looked around us hoping that no one could see what she was doing and started to relax a little once I realized she was correct and her act was going unnoticed.

Emily then caught me by surprise by pulling my closest hand under her skirt she pushed it into the crotch of her panties.  I could not believe that this was the same girl I had known my whole life.  Two and a half weeks prior she never would have even considered doing what we were doing at that moment.  I had almost made up my mind as I started to rub her already moist pussy through her tiny thong that aliens had taken my girlfriend while I was on vacation and replaced her with a sexed up copy.

I slipped my fingers inside her thong and clumsily massaged her pussy as best I could, considering that was the first time I had felt that warm crevice without clothes blocking the way.  My clumsiness did not seem to bother her as she began a soft moan that sent shivers up my spine because I could feel the vibrations transfer to me through her mouth.

My orgasm was fast approaching and I sped up my hand movements trying my best to bring her off as well.  I did my best to keep my grunts to a minimum as I lifted my hips slightly shooting my cum into her mouth yet again.  Emily sensed this and pulled her mouth back until just the head was between her lips and took my load from my spurting dick while I slowly lowered myself back to my seat.

She continued to hum lightly while making sure I was clean before releasing me and putting my clothing back how she had found them. Emily then pulled my hand out of her panties, sat up and leaned into me without saying a word.  I was too dumbfounded by what she had just done that I said nothing as we finished watching the movie.

----------

After the movie we walked the mall for a while before going to the food court.  Settling on Chinese food, we ate in relative silence, and just after we had finished eating Jill and her boyfriend Brett showed up.

I was surprised that Emily had forgiven Jill considering she had tried to make out with me at a party when Emily had just gotten up to use the bathroom.  Emily came back and saw me trying to fight off Jills advances and blew her top.  I thought they were going to fight right there, so I stepped between them and got Emily out of the room.  The next Monday at school, Emily tore into Jill in the hall in front of everyone, calling her a backstabber, slut and a whore, telling her if she wanted to get laid then she should go find one of the dozen guys that had already had her.  They had not spoken since until the day prior.

Hey Emily, what are you guys doing? Jill asked as she and Brett sat down.  Hey Evan.

Hey Jill, whats up Brett? I asked my friend.  He and I had been friends for about three years but didnt get to hang out as much since he started dating Jill and her and Emily hated one another, but we both understood and did not let it get us down.  It is high school after all, and some people go through their high school years being friends and enemies a hundred times before they graduate.

Not much, just hanging out.  We might go see Cliffhanger later, he said shrugging his shoulders.

Dont waste your time.  It really sucked, I said.

Jill and Emily were whispering to one another and then they both abruptly stood up, Evan babe, well be back in a bit, were going to go down to that new jewelry store.  Wait here for me OK?

No problem.  Ill be here when you get back, I said, thankful that she did not want me to go window shopping with them.

OK babe, love you, she said as she leaned over and gave me a peck on the lips.

Love you too.

Brett and I spent the next half hour just sitting in the food court talking while a few of our friends from school came and went, seeing as it was Friday and in those days if you were our age then you usually spent time at the mall at least one day a week.

Emily and Jill came up from behind us which had been in the opposite direction from the way they had left.

Come on Brett, Im ready to go, Jill said grabbing his hand getting him to stand up as soon as they got to us.

Alright, later Evan, give me a call next week.  Bye Emily, he said.

Cool, see ya.

Call me later Em, good seeing you again Evan, Jill said over her shoulder giving me a wink.  You should know that fucking girl almost never quits until she gets what she wants, and she usually gets what she wants considering her body is near perfection.

It took me a moment to notice that Emily was being quiet as she just waved to Jill and Brett as they walked off.  Come on, I called my mom already OK, she stated as she grabbed my hand and led me to where her mom would pick us up.  Putting my arm around her waist, we walked slowly to the theatre area to wait for her mom.

Emily seemed to be lost in her thoughts as we walked.  We were not a couple that had to constantly be talking to get along considering we had known each other all of our lives, a lot was said without words.

Did you and Jill have an argument or something, your being really quiet? I asked while we waited.

Huh, oh, no I was just thinking about some things.  No biggie, she said smiling up at me.

I let it go and we just stood their holding hands as I tried to look at her in a way of telling her she could talk to me as we waited for her mom to get there.

----------

Goodnight Mrs. Erickson.  Thanks for driving us to the movies.

Youre welcome Evan.  Dont be long sweetheart, weve got that thing tomorrow OK, she said answering me and reminding Emily of something.

Yes mother.  Emily snapped back and was even more surprised than before that her mom just let it go.

Just then I finally remembered her birthday present.  Hey, wait here a minute and Ill run and get your present.

Oh, yeah, I forgot all about that.  Hurry up, she said as she gave me a light push towards my house, cheering up almost instantly.  Her mood swings were starting to get a bit difficult to deal with.

I was back in less than three minutes.  It only took me that long because I had to tell my parents what I was doing, and no they were not wondering where I had been because I had left them a note which was standard procedure around my house.

Here, I hope you like it, I said breathing deep after my sprint to go get it.

Its from you so I know I will, Emily said as she eyed the little package before opening it carefully trying not to rip the wrapping paper.

Emily opened one end at a time as usual and slid the little box out of the opening.  Handing me the paper she held the box and looked into my eyes before flipping the lid open.  Oh Evan, itsits beautiful, she said as she eyed the little gold bracelet that I had saved a good part of my allowance to buy.

I immediately saw tears running down her cheeks and she sniffled a couple of times as she ran her fingertips along the bracelet.  Thank you, but I dont deserve this Evan.

Are you kidding me?  Here let me put it one you, I said as I took the box from her and pulled the piece of jewelry out handing her back the box and paper.  She held out her right wrist and I placed the bracelet on her latching it then lifted her chin and kissed her tenderly.

Thank you Evan, Ill never take it off...i love you so much, she said as her bottom lip quivered.  I had not expected so much emotion.

Hugging her tightly I whispered in her ear, I love you too Em, I always have.

We stayed in one anothers arms for a few minutes before saying goodnight.  I stood there and watched her walk slowly into her house; she paused at the door, giving me a quick wave before disappearing inside.
To be continued
