This is the moment its decided: the thought floats through Black's mind like a bit of seaweed in tide churned dark water. Looming over him, White looks down at him with a face that is a mixture of too many emotions for Black to read in his exhausted state. Formed and coherent thoughts are beyond him now, and have been since he finally pulled himself over the cliff edge with every muscle screaming, every joint aching, and his head ringing. But the litany that ran through his mind as he climbed still lingers - the thoughts that kept him moving hand over hand up the tide slick stones - and now it guides him even when reason has abandoned him.

He fights every instinct and lays still, breathing slowly and deeply, letting White keep him pinned by his wrists and chest; his rival's strong legs straddling his aching, bruised ribs and a bone grinding grip around his crossed wrists. There is a fevered heat in those limbs where they touch him, searing against seawater chilled flesh and aching muscles, and for a moment this overwhelms even his deepest instincts: he wants that touch, but not like this. A second tier of instinct guides him, something deeper than training and survival, and he feels the postures of submission shift his body in subtle ways. He turns his face away slightly, eyes partly closing, jaw raised to expose his throat. Tension eases out of his limbs, offering no resistance and no sign of intention to fight or run. He feels smaller, somehow, as if every shift of his body has made him less than he is, trying to broadcast that, whatever he might be, he is not a threat, and he will not resist or fight.

Do it. Kill me now, White. The words bubble through the darkness of exhaustion, half a dare, half a wish, but they don't leave his throat. He's said all he intends to say, said the words that had to be said: he has no more energy for words.

In his hopes and wishes, the raised fist falls, smashing into flesh and bone. He aches for the hand that would grab his throat to break it, or squeeze the air from him; he wishes for the blade to find flesh and drink his blood. These things would mean he was wrong, that everything was alright, that he wasn't at fault. And they would mean all these thoughts in his head were meaningless, that he did not really feel these things. Pain and death: these things are normal to him. But there is no pain, no merciful darkness. The hand that holds his wrists has loosened slightly, enough that he could be free of it even with his bones aching and fingers torn raw from sharp stones. If the terrified, shivering form that he had held in the floor of his bathroom had not been confirmation enough, now he knows to his core that White is broken. And now he knows that all that he has felt, these feelings he's tried to cope with, are completely real. Now he is afraid.

A sudden pressure on his chest and then the release of his hands from the loose grip makes him look up, and he sees White pushing himself to his feet, releasing him from the pin. White looks down at him, eyes invisible in the dim light, and then is gone from his line of sight. Sitting up is a challenge, and all Black can manage is to prop himself up on sore and abrased elbows to try to follow White's movements. Even this makes his head spin and it is all he can do not to collapse back to the floor. White has walked away, but not far, just past the end of the couch, and looks down at his prone rival. Again, the wish, the hope, that White will show some sign of normality, some sign of the trained killer that he should be, and put everything back to normal between them, bubbles through the clouds of Black's mind. Nothing comes, only that unreadable face looking at him. Then he turns away, walks away, turning an exposed back to Black who, even if he had wanted to, is too exhausted to attack.

The next motion is swift, nearly too swift for Black's eyes to catch in the gloom. White's fist comes up again, a solid left cross that moves with all the snake like speed that White has at his finest. The sound it makes at it impacts the plaster is so sudden and so loud that Black doesn't even consciously hear the sound at first, all he knows is the impact of air on eardrums. And then White is looking around, confusion on his face, and then down at his bleeding fist with an expression that chills Black to the bone. His face is empty and lost, confusion swelling to rage across the features, then consumed again in that unreadable expression as his attention refocuses in Black's direction.

All Black can think of are the hours he sat watching the rogue agent die, the hours he sat next to the man as he took one sharp blade to various parts of his body. First fingertips, then ears a piece at a time, then the tip of his nose, and on from there; when it had been over there had really been little left that made his face or body recognizable that was not sitting in a small pile beside Black's boots. He can remember first the screams, then the groans as blood loss and pain of the bullet working its way into his guts had made screaming impossible, then finally the blank, empty look of a brain gone numb from pain and lack of oxygen. He sees a shadow of that in White's face, the empty, dead look of broken thoughts and a mind stumbling over itself.

All my fault.