"I'm the director, Wade...you do what I tell you."

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Power of Porn, Chapter 11 (MF, cons, creampie, inc, mc, Mdom, nc, oral, impreg, reluc, span)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

My name's Wade. My Dad died, and I spent the next two weeks watching non-stop porn videos online, losing myself in Internet depravity until I was offered the Power of Porn. Now, the most bizarre sexual situations happen to me, as if I was living in a porno!

---

After work, I went to Piper's apartment. Neither of her parents were home this time, and she was hot to trot. I excused myself to quickly pee before we got down to business, and as I zipped up, I had an idea. I googled 'the power of porn' on my phone, but only one result came up, which seemed odd, and I tapped it. Immediately a chat room app came up, and I was looking at the face of that handsome porn actor from the Power of Porn video. He was real!

"Hello, Wade."

"Uh...who are you?"

"I have many names, but that's not important," he responded with a smile. "What's important is that you get with the program again, buddy. Haven't you had fun?"

"I...you're manipulating me."

He grinned. "You asked for this, remember?"

And then I did remember. In a flash, I saw myself from several days ago, sitting in my dingy, stinky bedroom, surrounded by used wet tissues, the contents of which could knock up a battalion of women. My face was drawn, my mind emotionally void as I long-blinked at my laptop screen. Video after video automatically loaded on the porn site I was visiting, one after the other, each getting more and more depraved, and then...

"The Power of Porn! Would you like your sex life to be as exciting as these videos?" the handsome man asked through the screen.

"That would be awesome," I responded dully. "Tons of sex and no emotions? Sign me up."

"Can do, Wade! Just agree to my terms and it's done."

"Terms?" My mind was unfocused, floating between dreams and the waking world.

"Just play your part...do what feels good, and don't question the director."

"Um, okay...I agree."

And then I fell asleep, only to wake up to my new reality.

I snapped back to the present, and I knew, for sure this time, that I wasn't dreaming. The guy's eyes glowed, and his voice was also in my head now.

"I'm the director, Wade...you do what I tell you." He gave me a sly grin. "The top porn search term right now is 'unwanted creampie', so get to it."

*Bow-chicka-wow-wow!* sounded from my phone as the chat ended. I returned it to my pocket and headed back to Piper's room to find her already naked and waiting on her bed.

"What took you so long?" the slim girl asked sultrily as she posed, arching her back to accentuate her small breasts.

"Sorry," I offered, and quickly pulled off my clothes, revealing my extremely hard cock.

"Damn, did it get bigger again?" she asked, her eyes wide.

I looked down. Yep, it seemed to be over 7 inches now. I clambered onto the bed and shoved Piper's legs open. She was visibly wet, so it seemed that she had been playing with herself while she waited. No need for foreplay, then. I lined my purple-helmeted yogurt thrower up and thrust into her hard.

"AHH!" she cried out. "Damn! You're lucky I like it rough, but you need a condommm...!"

I continued madly thrusting as my hands grabbed her little titties. The foil packet she had retrieved from the side table fell to the bed next to her as her fingers lost their strength under my sensual assault.

"Ahh...put it on soon, then, okaaay? Fuuuck..." I felt her cum on my cock as I slammed into her. "Uh! Uhh! Huh! Jesuus, Waaade..."

I tweaked her nipples and I felt her insides squeeze me as she continued to cum. Then I pulled out, flipped her over, and rammed back inside her.

"Auhh!" she cried out into her bed.

I grabbed her shapely hips for leverage and jackrabbited into her again and again. After a few minutes, she felt my cock getting thicker as I approached my own orgasm.

"Cond--" she started to ask, but I quickly reached up and grabbed her throat, choking off the request.

"--dhhmk...phlsskk...whgk..."

I felt her pussy clamp down on me as she came again, and I shoved her forward so that her ass was angled up as I took her. Then I was cumming, my load rushing up my cock and blasting Piper's unprotected insides with hot sperm.

"Nnnhhkk..." she moaned. She was still cumming, her shaking body betraying her as it urged more of my dangerous seed to penetrate her defenseless depths.

Finally, huffing, I let go of her neck and pulled out.

Her body fell to the side as she whooped in big breaths of air. "Hkk...Wade? Why?"

Then the spell was broken. "Oh, shit! I'm so sorry, Piper! I..." I stopped short, somehow unable to tell her about the Power of Porn, even though I wanted to! "I...just got caught up in the moment...you're so sexy!"

"You...should go, Wade."

I quickly dressed and left.

---

As I headed home, I realized that, even though hypnotism could cover some of what had happened over the last few days, it didn't explain the timestop scenario...this had to be some sort of magic, as crazy as that idea was. I had even thought of it as a spell after my brain partially recovered after inseminating poor Piper. I had no idea what I could do about that, though.

Back at home, I did some web searching about how to fight magic spells, but had no luck. After that, I moped about, ate some leftovers, and finally headed back to my room for bed. Then I got a video call...from Piper! I swiped right.

"Piper? Hey...shit! You're not Piper!"

It was the Power of Porn guy again. "Sorry, but I didn't think you'd answer an unknown caller, Wade."

"What do you want? Why are you doing this to me?"

He grinned. "I strive to make the world a better place...well, for me, anyway. Sex without love, with the potential to produce unwanted children, leading to abortions or unhappy lives...this discontent empowers me. We're going to do amazing things together, Wade. Just get with the program, and I won't have to keep reminding you of what the people want." His eyes glowed again.

"What...they want?"

"The top porn search term is now 'stepsister creampie'. Get to it, stud. The Power of Porn compels you!"

*Bow-chicka-wow-wow!*

The call ended, and I dropped my phone onto my bed as I went to Ella's room. Not knocking, I stepped in, pulled off my clothes, and slipped into bed with her at the command of...who? Those glowing eyes...whoever he was, I was now his.

"What are you doing, stepbro?"

"Shh..." I soothed my blonde stepsister as my hands roamed her slim, naked form from behind. "I haven't been able to get you out of my mind since Rayanne made us give each other our virginities, Ella."

She turned to me. "Oh, me too! I watched you having sex with Mom one night...are you really gonna have a baby with her?"

At the thought of inseminating my voluptuous stepmother, my cock gave a twitch. "You did? No, she was just pretending. Will you let me touch you again, Ella? One of my hands moved her hair so that I could kiss her neck while the other slipped up toward her chest.

"Ohh...yes," she moaned, turning toward me and pulling me into a kiss. My hand palmed one of her B-cup breasts and she gasped into my mouth. Now that she was on her back, I shifted between her legs and moved both of my hands to her boobs.

"Mm...mmm..." she moaned as we kissed.

I broke the kiss and moved down her body, licking and nibbling any stray flesh that I came across. Then my tongue dove into her pussy.

"Mmn!" she gasped.

"Shh..." I shushed her and then took her prominent clit between my lips.

"Hhh!"

I alternated from the inexperienced girl's clit to her pussy until she arched her back and started to cry out. In a flash, I moved up and clamped my hand over her mouth to keep her quiet as she writhed under me, this new position strategically placing my cock head right up against her juicy pussy. With one thrust, I was inside her, and she was still cumming.

"Hhh! Mhh!" my little stepsister shook and cried out into my palm as I thrust into her.

I moved lower and took one of her hard nipples into my mouth. A few seconds later, I felt her pussy gripping me in orgasm again. After I made her cum once more a few minutes later, I thrust into her harder, faster. In the dark, I could see her eyes widen...she knew what was coming...the question was whether I was going to pull out like last time, but as my patron had said, the top porn search term right now was 'stepsister creampie', and you can't let your fans down. I felt her insides tighten up as I got closer, and then as I grunted in pleasure, I felt her cum again, urging my load to penetrate her unprotected depths. "Unh!" I grunted as I thrust into her, attempting to shoot my stuff as deeply inside her as possible, and I felt her legs wrap around me, her own body confirming that it wanted the same.

"NNH! HHH!" she cried out into my hand as her body shook in ecstasy, her eyes rolling up into her head as her orgasmic insides practically sucked my seed up into her womb.

Then it was done, and I collapsed upon her.

*Bow-chicka-wow-wow!*

"Oh, you'll impregnate my daughter, Wade, but not me?"

I turned to see my stepmother Rayanne in the doorway, clad only in a robe, her arms crossed under her substantial rack.

"I changed my mind," I told her as I pulled out and moved back to reveal her inseminated daughter's body. "Lick all of my cum out of her and maybe she won't get knocked up."

Rayanne stood there, her face waffling between angry mother and wanton woman. Then she dropped her robe to the floor and got between her daughter's legs.

"Mom?" Ella asked dreamily, "What are you...? Ohh..."

My cock had quickly returned to service at the sight of my voluptuous stepmother licking and sucking my dangerous load out of her innocent youngest daughter's pussy, and I moved behind Rayanne to give her round ass a smack.

"Oh! Wade!"

I grabbed her hips and thrust inside. Rayanne's pussy was already extremely wet from watching me inseminate her daughter.

"Umghk!" she gasped into Ella's sperm-filled pussy.

As I thrust into my stepmother's sultry insides, I asked her, "You lied about being on the pill, didn't you, Mommy?"

"Yesss..." she moaned. "I stopped when your father died." Then she returned her mouth to her youngest daughter's vagina.

Somehow I had already known that. I smacked Rayanne's ass hard, making her cry out again, and I felt her pussy grip me and release. I smacked her other ass cheek and felt her insides flinch again. Stepmommy had a spanking kink, it seemed.

"Moommyyy..." Ella moaned as she came on her mother's tongue. I pictured the girl's cervix opening up to suck the deepest of my sperm-filled semen up into her unprotected womb, and rammed into her mother faster.

Finally, I thrust hard into Rayanne and blasted my stepmother's fertile insides with my dangerous sperm, making her cum as well.

"Waaade! Fuuuck..." she cried out as her ripe body accepted my manly tribute.

Absolutely spent, I pulled out and collapsed next to Ella, who snuggled up into my shoulder. Rayanne curled up into my other side.

"I love you, Wade," Ella said as she held me tight.

"I love you too, Wade," Rayanne breathed in my ear.

"I love you both." And I did.

---

When I got back to my room, I was feeling strangely energized, and there was a message from Piper on my phone: *Hey my mom got 2 morning after pills so I took 1. Let's talk ok?*

*Can u come over right now? Got something 2 talk 2u about* I sent back.

---

The Power of Porn guy's handsome but confused face appeared on my screen. "Wade? How did you...?"

"My Dad's not the only one who's good at computers," I informed him. "He was always better, but you're not, are you, or you'd have covered your tracks? You're like a script kiddy who found a powerful program, but you don't really know how it all works, and so you didn't know how to protect yourself from my traceback."

"What is this?" he frowned.

"This is me, telling you that I'm not your puppet anymore, Porn Satan."

His mouth quirked into a smile. "Porn Satan?"

"You said you had lots of names, so I've given you a new one. Or do you prefer Porncifer? Pornphistopheles?"

The handsome man rolled his eyes. "I can't believe I'm saying this, but Porn Satan is fine. Now, what makes you think that you have a choice here, Wade? You saw what I can make you do. Maybe I'll just have you go door-to-door, a traveling porn salesman." His eyes glowed menacingly.

I gestured over my shoulder.

The handsome man frowned again as he saw Rayanne, Ella, and Piper come up behind me, their hands gripping my shoulders and their eyes wide as they beheld the face of the man(?) who had caused all this. "How did you...?" he asked as the glow around his eyes dimmed.

"Can you feel the love tonight?" I asked him. "I was trying to figure out why I could fight you sometimes, and then I remembered that you said that loveless sex causes unwanted children, which leads to anger, anger leads to suffering -- wait, that's Star Wars -- anyway, all that gives you power." I reached up to my shoulder to take one of their hands in mine. "Well, I love these women, and if they have my children, I will love those kids with everything I have...I'm gonna be a good Dad, just like my father was."

The glow faded entirely from Porn Satan's eyes. "I see. Well, then enjoy your new, boring, vomit- and babyshit-filled existence, Wade." Then he tilted his head. "We could have done so much together, buddy."

My face felt hot. "I'm not your buddy. Now fuck off." I disconnected, turned to my stepmother, younger stepsister, and girlfriend(?), and let out the breath I'd been holding. "Thank you...you helped me stop this."

"So that wasn't just some...filter? With his eyes?" Rayanne asked.

I shook my head. "Do you really think that you would have made Ella and I have sex, or ask me to try to knock you up, if you weren't being mentally influenced?"

We had already discussed all these things prior to the video call, so nobody was freaking out. It had been a struggle for me to get the words out, but when I took their hands in mine, I felt strong enough, and they felt the strength of my truth.

Rayanne thought for a moment. "Wade, if I do get pregnant I'm going to keep it. I know now that I wasn't in my right mind, but my reasoning was...actually not bad. I would get to keep a piece of you and your Dad after you leave home." She turned to Ella. "Honey, I think you should consider an abortion, though. Being pregnant at 18 will severely limit your options in life."

Ella caressed her stomach. "Well, we'll see." The slim blonde came and gave me a hug. "I love you, Wade, whatever happens."

"I love you," I responded. Then she left my bedroom.

My voluptuous stepmother bent to give me a kiss, but then decided for a hug instead. "And I love you."

"Me too."

Then she was gone, and Piper was sitting on my bed looking thoughtful in her short skirt. "So you just told Satan, um, Porn Satan, to fuck off, after he turned your life into a pornographic movie."

"You think I should have kept it going?!"

"No..." she mused, "but it must've been fun sometimes, just to do what you're told...go with the flow and let things happen?"

I joined her on the bed. "You trying to tell me something, bottom?"

She blushed. "Also, what was that about love? You're making some heavy assumptions about me, aren't you, Wade?"

I took her chin in my hands, a little forcefully. "Am I?"

She nibbled her lower lip. "Maaaybe..."

I flipped her over, pressed her face into my pillow, and pulled out my hard cock.

"Oh, Goddamnit..." I hissed.

"Huh?"

"My cock shrank! I mean, it's bigger than when I started, maybe six inches now? I had over seven!"

She reached back to tickle my balls. "Six is a good size...seven seemed a bit big, if you ask me. Now are you gonna fuck me, or what?"

I took her with my hands about her throat, making her cum. I didn't use a condom, but I did pull out.

---

Epilogue 1:

After both Rayanne and Ella missed their periods, they bought pregnancy tests and both came out positive. Ella could not be dissuaded from keeping her baby.

The big surprise was when Tanya informed us that she was also pregnant. She, of course, thought that it was her boyfriend's, but said that they had always been careful and used her diaphragm. Only I knew the truth, once I looked up how diaphragms worked: you didn't keep them in all the time, like IUDs...you had to put them in before sex, and she hadn't planned to see her boyfriend on the day that I had cum inside her twice; she had been completely unprotected. It was my baby as well, though her boyfriend was unaware and had agreed to take responsibility. I figured that since he and I looked enough alike, what really happened would remain a secret.

While I had been forthcoming with Rayanne, Ella and Piper about the sex I'd had with them, I hadn't mentioned any of the other sex they hadn't seen: the free use with Tanya, the timestop at school, and the other two scenarios at work. I would probably never find out if any of the timestop girls got knocked up, as school was ending soon and I wasn't friends with any of them.

I did hear during the summer that Miss Foley, now Mrs. Deschanel, was having a baby. I hoped that it was her husband's.

As all of my stepfamily's tummies got bigger and bigger, I made sure that I was available for anything they needed. All of them got strong cravings for milkshakes, Ella strawberry, Rayanne chocolate, and Tanya pineapple, of all things, so I made a lot of runs out to the local shake shop.

---

Epilogue 2:

I mauled Piper's small, perky breasts as I rammed into her in the missionary position on my bed. We'd been having a lot of sex lately...she got really turned on by the sight of all of the pregnant women around my home, their sexy round bellies visibly prominent through their clothing. As per usual lately, she hadn't asked for a condom.

"C'mon..." she moaned. "Cum inside...it's a safe day...I'm pretty sure..." She looked off to her left, letting me know that it was definitely NOT a safe day.

"There's absolutely no way I'm doing that," I huffed as I thrust into her. "I have enough children on the way right now."

She wrapped her stockinged legs around my hips and thrust up at me. "My Mom's been asking when you might visit. You wanna fuck her again too, maybe knock us both up?"

I increased my speed. These fantasies were dangerous, especially with her having trapped me between her legs. Piper's mother Eleanor didn't mention our one-time tryst again, though she did give me a big hug whenever I visited, giving me a squish with those porn-quality boobs. Damn, she was one sexy MILF. I was going to cum. "Let me go, Piper, and open your mouth."

"Mmm...noo..."

I stopped thrusting.

"Ohh, fine..." She let her legs drop and I thrust into her again, fast. My girlfriend had already cum three times herself, so it was my turn.

"Ungh...uhh...HUHH!" I pulled my cock from her syrupy insides and moved up the bed, aiming my already-cumming cock at her face. The first blast hit her cheek.

"Hey!" She opened her mouth wide and took my shooting member all the way to the root, where I spurted the rest of my load down her throat.

When I was done, I collapsed next to her. She wiped the smear of semen from her cheek and moved that cum-covered finger down between her legs.

I grabbed her wrist before she got there and shook my head. With a moue of disappointment, she brought it back up and sucked the stray cum into her mouth instead.

I sighed. "Piper, I'm not going to be able to resist you much longer. You need to go on birth control, okay? The pill, or an IUD, or a diaphragm, like Tanya."

"She's pregnant, so that's not much of an endorsement," she replied.

"Apparently when you actually put it in before sex, it's very effective. She just didn't."

"And how would you know that?" she asked, her eyes narrowing.

I looked back at her with wide eyes. "Um..."

"Sounds like you have a story to tell me?"

I recounted the free use scenario I'd had with my older stepsister. By the end of it, Piper was riding my rejuvenated cock once more, and I barely got her off of me before I came again. I think I managed to delay my first spurt long enough...I hope.

I had lost my Dad, but during this crazy adventure I had gained the love of my stepfamily and a new girlfriend. All in all, life was good.

The end. Roll credits.

---

Super-secret Epilogue:

'Porn Satan' closed the laptop up after Wade's angry face disappeared from it. He harrumphed. The boy had been right...he should have investigated how the Internet worked before trying this, so that he wouldn't have been taken unawares.

"Eros? What are you doing?"

"Just finished playing a game online, Patty." His face morphed to look like a young version of Fabio.

His cute, curvy, brown-haired mistress walked into the living room and habitually pushed her glasses up her nose. "Did you win?"

He considered. The timestop had taken quite a lot of his old Eroji energy -- especially when Wade took a fucking nap in the middle of it! -- but he could sense that it had borne bitter fruit...likewise with the gloryhole scenario. "Hmm...I'd say it's a tie. Perhaps not worth the time invested, but it was an amusing diversion...plus, I learned a few things."

"Cool. Come to bed."

He regarded the young woman, who was wearing only a long t-shirt that showed off her legs. "You know demons don't sleep."

"I didn't say to sleep." Then she winked, turned, and strode into her bedroom.

"Hmm..." He rose from the couch and headed after her, his cock rising to the occasion.

*** Eros will return in I Dream of Demie. ***

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)