Lexi's New Panties by Chris Hailey and Lewd Lexi, Copyright 2021

Story codes: DD/lg, panties, public sex, audio script

Summary: After Lexi begs her daddy to take her shopping for new panties, they discover just how fun trying on new panties can be!

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

==============



Author's note: This is an audio script I wrote for my favorite audio artist, Lewd Lexi. If you'd like to hear her recording of it, visit her website at https://lewdlexi.com. Be sure to leave a comment for Lexi, and tell her that I sent you!




Daddy, I need some new panties.

Yes, I could go shopping by myself, but I'm in my littlespace right now, and you always say that I shouldn't go out in public when I'm little, unless I have Daddy with me to take care of me. So you should take me shopping right now for new panties!

Yes, I know you're working, Daddy. I know you're a "big important person" at your job. But can't you just take a little time off so that we can go shopping? I really want new panties! Right now!

Okay, I'll be good. I'll be patient. I'll just play with my dollies over here while I wait for you to finish.

La la la...

No, Miss Muffin, Daddy's working. We can't bother him right now. I know you want to give him a kiss! I want to give him a kiss too! But we have to be good or Daddy will scold us.

I'm sorry Daddy, we'll be quiet. But it's Miss Muffin who's being noisy, not me! Here, Miss Muffin, since you can't give Daddy a kiss, you can give Mr. Bear a kiss instead.

Mr. Bear! You shouldn't touch Miss Muffin like that! Daddy, Mr. Bear is being naughty! Oh boy, you're in trouble now, Mr. Bear. I think Daddy's gonna spank you, like he does to me, when I'm naughty!

So Daddy, when are you going to be done with work? I'm bored. I wanna go shopping! Sigh. I'm sorry I'm making it hard for you to concentrate. But maybe, since you can't concentrate, we should just go shopping instead.

Really? Yay! Let's go right now! Mr. Bear, you be good while we're gone! If Miss Muffin says you were naughty, Daddy's gonna spank you!



Daddy, why are we in the grownup panties section? I don't want grownup panties. I want little girl panties! Besides, I know that you like to look at all the packages, with the cute little girls and their little bubble butts in those tight little panties. Sometimes you're as naughty as Mr. Bear!

Okay, here's the section for the little girl panties. What kind do you like best? These have stripeys, do you like that? Oh, here are some polkadot ones! Or do you like panties with little cartoons? Here's Dora, that's cute, no wait, here's Ariel! I know you like Ariel, you always look at her boobies when we watch Little Mermaid. The package for the Ariel panties is really cute, the panties are sooo tight on the little girl model that you can see her cunny. Look, Daddy, Ariel's face is right on top of the little girl's cunny! I bet you'd like to kiss Ariel right there!

Can we get the Little Mermaid panties, Daddy? Pleeeease? Yay! What else should we get? This pair has little heartsies on them, that's so cute. That's just how I feel about you, Daddy, you make my butt get all covered in hearts! Except when I'm naughty and you spank my butt, then it gets all red and there's no hearts because I'm mad. But mostly I'm all hearts!

Look at this, Daddy! The heartsy panties come with a matching training bra! Can we get them both, Daddy, Pleeeease? My boobies are pretty small, I think I could fit in the trading bra, what do you think? Here, I'll hold it up so you can see.

Oh, you like them, don't you? I can tell you do! If you buy them for me, I promise I'll wear them for you all the time. Won't you like that, your little girl in heartsy panties and a heartsy training bra, just for you. Just for Daddy to enjoy.

But, I think I really should try them on before we buy them. I don't know, though. I think I'm too little to be in a changing room all by myself. I'll get scared and lonely! Will you come in with me when I try them on? Maybe if we tell the lady working the counter that I'm a little, she'll understand? Probably not though. Sometimes people are really mean to littles.

I know! I can just try them on right here! Nobody's around, and besides, nobody cares if a little girl undresses, do they? I'll just take my shirt off... and pull the training bra on...

Oh Daddy, I think you like it, don't you? I can see that your cock is already getting big in your pants. I know the bra's a little tight, but I think you like that, too. Besides, training bras are fun! Watch! If I jump up and down, you can see my boobies bounce inside them. Daddy likes my bouncing boobies!

If you want, maybe you should take your cock out and I'll rub him for you a little bit. I don't think anyone will notice, and besides, it's okay if people see. Nobody's gonna mind if a little girl makes her Daddy feel good, right?

Your cock is so big and hard and thick Daddy, my hand barely fits around it. Can you imagine if one of those little girl models on the panty packages was rubbing it? Their little hands wouldn't even get half way around! But I bet you'd like to watch them try. Maybe it would even take two of them to rub you.

Oh my gosh Daddy look! There's a mommy with her little daughter over there looking at panties! Do you think they can see us? Do you think they can tell that I'm rubbing your cock? I don't think so, the mommy's just looking at price tags. But the girl is looking over here, maybe she wants to see your big Daddy cock as much as I do! Little girls like to look at grown-up cocks soooo much. You should show your big grownup cock to her while I try on the matching heartsy panties.

Look Daddy, the panties fit me perfect! You can see half my butt crack! I think your cock is even harder now. Did you get turned on when you showed it to that other girl? I bet she liked it a lot. I bet her pussy is all wet and she was really mad at her mommy she said they had to go. I bet she's going to rub her kitten all night long, dreaming about your big beautiful cock.

You really like being in the little girl panties section with me, don't you? You've always dreamed of playing naughty games with those panty models. How about I be your little panty model, and I'll rub your cock some more, while you look at me in these cute heartsy panties, and you look at all the cute panty models and all the cute panties. Imagine their little girl hands all over your cock, all over your aching, swollen balls. Little girls exploring... experimenting... learning... Think of how much you could teach them, Daddy, just like you taught me.

Wait, why are you pushing me down? Why are you--Oh! You want to put your cock in my mouth! You want to imagine those little panty models sucking your big hot cock, giving you a little girl blow job! Mmm, it tastes so good, I could suck your cock all day long, and I bet those little panty girls could, too. All... day... long... little lips and little mouths and little tongues, little girls just like me making your cock all wet with spit, sliding their little hands up and down, sucking on your cockhead like a great big lollipop. And then, moving down just like I am right now, down to your balls, to your aching, swollen balls all full of Daddy sperm. Those little panty girls would kiss and lick and suck your balls just like me, while they rub your cock with their little panty-girl hands.

Wait, Daddy, I'm not done giving you a blowjob yet, why are you turning me around? Why are you pulling my new heartsy panties down over my butt? Why are you pushing me down into my hands and knees?

Oh Daddy! You want to fuck those little girls on the front of the panty packages, don't you? You want to use me just like I'm one of those little girl panty models! Think of how tight their little pussies would be, how tiny, so hot and wet, little sweet panty girls so turned on by your big huge cock as you--oh!--drive it into them, and slowly pull back and then--Oh!--drive in so deep, so deep into my tight little hole!

Daddy, can you believe you're fucking your little girl right here in the middle of the little girl panties section? This is so exciting, anyone could see us if they walked by, I wish that that mean mommy and her cute daughter were still here right now, that little girl would love to watch you fuck me like you're a big strong stud Daddy and I'm just a little subby slut, yours to use, right out here in the open.

Oh.Daddy I think I'm almost ready to cum. Do you want me to cum? Right here in public, right here in the middle of the little girl panties? Oh, Daddy, your wonderful cock is making me cum! Oh, oh, fuck me Daddy,.FUCK ME DADDY! I'm cumming!

Oh fuck I don't think I can take any more! But you're not done yet, no, that big cock of yours can go on forever. You could fuck every single girl on every package in this little girl panties section, couldn't you? All those little cunts, just for you. All for you. Just like my pussy is all for you right now.

Umm... And I know what you want to do, you want to cum in those little cunnies. Fill them all full with your hot Daddy cum. Are you gonna fill me full? Fill me Daddy! Fill your little babygirl with your hot thick nasty daddy semen! Come on, blow your load, make big huge mess in my pussy! Yes, Daddy, cum!

Wow Daddy you really enjoyed that, didn't you? Come on, let's pay for all my new panties now. I know the heartsy ones have a big gooey wet spot where your cum dribbled out of my pussy, but that's okay, I'm sure the cashier lady won't notice, and if she does, she won't care. She'll probably rub her fingers in it so she can taste it later, once we're gone.

Then let's go home and I will model every new pair for you, and we can make them all have big gooey wet spots. I bet you'd like to see Ariel all soaking wet with your cum! Come on, Daddy, let's go!




[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com Thanks!]
