Remember our first meeting? After months of chatting and e-mailing each other you decided to visit England for your vacation and I arranged to meet up with you in London. We both realised our meeting would be simply 'as friend's with no strings or complications as you knew that I was married to Helen
I guess we were both nervous and apprehensive but after a couple of drinks we were soon laughing and joking as if we had known each other for ages. We had so much in common...interests, likes / dislikes, I guess even after 30 minutes of each others company we both knew we would soon be enjoying each others bodies! it seemed so natural, so inevitable.
The thing that struck me about you was your pleasant, down to earth nature...nothing false...I seem to remember you once telling me - 'What you see is what you get' After a couple of drinks we had dinner, then spent the next hour talking and dancing. During a slow dance we held each other closely, I could feel your tits pushing into my chest and you must have felt my hard prick grinding against you. Your head was on my shoulder and I whispered into your ear that I wanted you...I asked if you felt the same way, you smiled and told me that you had thought about nothing else since our meeting had been arranged. It was then we shared our first passionate kiss, we were in a secluded corner and I couldn't resist the temptation of cupping one of your tits in my hand, I could feel your hard nipple through the material of your bra and dress, I gently squeezed your nipple making you groan as we kissed.
We couldn't get up to your room quick enough, in the elevator we again kissed each other deeply and passionately.
Entering your room you told me you wanted to freshen up and asked me to fix us drinks from the mini bar. I tuned the radio to a station playing soft, background music fixed the drinks and sat, waiting for you.
It seemed like an eternity till you came back to me but when you did...wow! I suppose you knew in your mind that we would...well, make love and had left this outfit in the bathroom. "Well Chris...I bought this especially for you...do you like it?" you asked. You looked stunning...so sexy! The flimsy white robe was totally see through, underneath you wore a half cup white bra, your nipples were totally exposed, white stockings and suspenders and a tiny pair of white panties.
"I remember in one of your stories the girl was dressed this way and you've often said in your e-mails that you loved to see women wearing see through clothes Chris" I was speechless, mesmerised by the way you looked. "Adriana...you look fantastic" I told you, walking to you, taking you in my arms and kissing you, feeling the sheer fabric slide over your body as I slid my hands around you.
Then you said to me, "Chris...what I told you before...about me being a virgin, about me being a bit shy around guys...it's all true Chris, and I guess I'm being silly but, well....I'm not sure what I should do, I mean...I feel awkward" I held you tight as I said "Adriana, there are no rules, there's no right or wrong things to do...just do whatever you feel comfortable with, try anything you like, if there is something you don't like tell me or if there is something special that turns you on I want to know...ok?"
As we kissed you began unbuttoning my shirt and it wasn't long before I was naked, my prick stood out hard as you took it in your hand. I slipped your robe off your shoulders and it dropped to the floor, your tits looked great and I lowered my head and took a nipple in my mouth and sucked on it, soon it grew hard and I squeezed and played with it as it poked out over your lacy bra. I kissed my way downwards over your stomach till I reached the top of your panties, kneeling in front of you I hooked my fingers into the waistband and as I eased them down I continued kissing and licking your soft skin.
I was pleasantly surprised when I discovered you had shaved your pussy, I looked up smiling as you told me you had shaved it especially for me as it was another thing I had previously mentioned I loved to see. Your pussy looked so young, so inviting, I licked up over your pussy lips, every now and then darting my tongue into your very wet cunt. You lifted one leg up on to a chair allowing me lick and finger your now open cunt, it was very tight but so juicy my fingers slid in easily. You moaned and groaned loudly as my fingers slid in. "Please Chris...take me to bed, I need you...I want you to fuck me!" you told me. I stood and kissed you, taking your hand we went over to the bed and fell on it. As we kissed and I played with your tits you started to wank my prick.
"Your dick feels so hard Chris, You lie back...it's my turn now, I want to suck on it" you told me. I watched as you kissed your way down to my prick, I watched as you started to lick and kiss along the shaft, I noticed pre cum beginning to ooze out and it looked great as I saw you use the tip of your tongue to slowly lick it off...taking it into your mouth and discover the taste of it. Then slowly you took the tip of my prick into your mouth and gently sucked on it, then a bit deeper, deeper until eventually you had just about the whole of my prick inside your mouth.
I watched as your head bobbed up and down...once or twice getting a bit carried away and choked and spluttered as it hit the back of your throat. After a few minutes I felt my prick twitch and start to throb and knew I was about to cum, I told you and expected you to stop sucking and use you hand to finish me off but you just looked me in the eyes, smiled and continued using your mouth and tongue. My hips lunged upwards as spurt after spurt of spunk shot out, you choked and gagged a bit but surprisingly after your initial surprise you continued to suck on my prick. I held your head in my hands as I fucked your willing mouth, bucking my hips with every spurt of my hot, sticky cum.
Eventually my prick started to soften and I pulled you up and kissed you deeply, tasting my cum on your lips. We cuddled and played around, touching and exploring each others bodies, taking time to give pleasure to each other, your cunt was very wet and ready for fucking. My prick had by now hardened again, I knew that this time I would last longer and I wanted to fuck you in as many positions as I could, I wanted you to remember your first fuck for the rest of your life and I was determined to make it as pleasurable for you as I possibly could.
I positioned myself between your wide open legs and rubbed my prick over and around your juicy pussy lips, then slowly I entered you. You moaned loudly as I pushed my prick into your virgin, tight cunt and when I was deep inside you, you gripped your legs around my waist. "Oh Fuck me good Chris!" you cried out. I took it slow to start with, your cunt was very tight and I could feel it gripping my prick as I slid in and out. I leaned forward and sucked on your tits as I picked up speed and started to fuck you deeper and deeper...harder and harder.
After a few minutes I had you turn over and get into the 'doggie' position, this time my prick slid in easily, the juices were literally running from your cunt, I squeezed your tits as they swung beneath you, pulling on your nipples. By now you were moaning with every lunge I made, I could now fuck you as hard as I wanted, as deep as I could manage...and I did! We tried several different positions but the 'doggie' position seemed to be the best.
We got ourselves into a '69' position and as I lapped at your juicy cunt you took my prick deep into your mouth and sucked hard. Again I knew I would soon be ready to explode so I swiveled around and as you pulled your legs up to your chest I slid my prick back into your hot, wet cunt and fucked you as deep and as hard as I could, you screamed out and your body shook as your orgasm hit you, Fuck! I wanted to cum inside you but at that time didn't know if you were on the pill...I forgot to ask so I pulled out as stream after stream of hot spunk shot out over your stomach and tits. I straddled you and using my throbbing, still oozing prick I rubbed my cum into your tits and nipples.
We lay next to each other, cuddling and kissing until we both fell asleep...exhausted.
I remember waking a few hours later cuddled into your back, you seemed sound asleep but my prick was hard and as I eased it into your cunt you gave out a deep moan, I put my arm around you and fell back asleep with my prick buried inside you.
Unfortunately when I awoke It had softened and slipped out, you stirred, turned to me and kissed me. You told me that last night had been the best time of your life and that you would never forget what we had shared. We showered...together!. The cubicle was not that big but didn't stop you from kneeling in front of me and sucking on my prick. We soaped each other until both of us got so turned on we had to get out and I fucked you on the bathroom floor. This time you asked me to come inside your cunt, it felt great filling your cunt with my hot cum!
We spent the day sight seeing around London, we visited some sex shops in Soho and I bought you a huge rubbery dildo - "Use it when you get home and think of me" I joked - Christ! A horse wouldn't have a dick that big!. Unfortunately it was time for me to leave you, I had to return to Plymouth but before I did we went back to your hotel room and fucked again. I kissed you farewell, I made you promise me that when you got home you would have some fun...you'd get yourself a guy or two and get as much sex as you could...live life to the full. I told you that I would try to visit you some time....unless you found someone you loved too much to mess around with me.
Love,   Chris