Guilty as Sin

By: ISS


This is not exaggeration, this is based on 1993 true story of mine. I
feel ashamed, cause she my cousin sister. I shouldn't have done this to
her. I am from South TamilNadu/India.

It was in my semester vacation of my first year, and she was studying
Ninth Std. It all started from this point, "In the night before my
sister's marriage", she looked as if an angel. She is a medium
complexion, but...but really beautiful, I mean it. She was wearing silk
blowse and the bottom (pattu paavadai). I was instructed to look after
the kids who were playing on the Marriage hall terrace. I saw my cousin
sister playing with these kids. The kids were below 8 years. She came to
me and we started chatting about our school, friends & teachers (I
believe, that's the topic I can debate with my cousin sister). In the
moon shine, I was magnetized by her physically maturity glooming out of
her silk dress, her magnetic eyes, magical smile, her makeup and
costumes carved the novel picture of Cinderella in my heart. I also
noticed her boobs bubbling to new heights. This was the first occasion I
am talking to my sister lonely for about 45 minutes. And that was from
the day we both had mutual attraction, and stared glancing each other
time to time. After a few days.. the solitary time arose. My parents &
her parents left to Madras for 3 days to attend a marriage function. My
Cousin sister and my grandma were left behind, and they came to my house
for the stay (they live in another house opposite to my house).

That night, my grandma has gone to sleep [my grandma usually sleep in
open veranda (for fresh air) and we usually lock the door inside). We
were alone watching the TV in main bed room. She was sitting in the sofa
& I was lying in the bed watching TV. It was a Love Story! I was shy
watching the movie with her (of couse she is my sister) and purposefully
wentout to kitchen (to drink water) to unnoticing the love & kissing
scenes. But she was so cool girl looking at the love scene, as if she is
unaware of Love. It was around 11.30 pm, she made herself comfortable to
sleep down (side by my cot). After 15 minutes I switched off the TV and
the bed room light to went to bed. At midst of darkness I could'nt
really sleep, Some thing inside me ignited to have love with her. After
long thoughts, I made my mind to have a love affair with her....

I stated with a gargle mmuuueee, twice, thrice. I was heartbeaten, she
replied with the cough. I understood that she is sleepless and she is of
the same intension. In order to confirm, I coughed and she gargled. That
was the final sign I was waiting for. I started...I approach her with my
hands (As I told you, she was sleep on the floor besides my cot). I
first put my hand out of my bed and slowly crawled my hands to her from
my bed (I never made an attempt to peep from my bed, all my hands
did)....I was about to touch her......and and and was shaken by her
meekly voice, "didn't get sleep??". I immediately took my hand and my
mind was boggling to death. I said "I couldn't". She raised up her knees
leened to the bed, and said "Let me make you sleep",. She started, she
started....She was on her knees leaning on the bed, and I was lying on
the bed, she reached my right hand and placed my palm on her cheek. My
heart started pounding and my vain bloody pumping out. We were motion!
less for minutes. Slowly she whisped Sleep...Sleep...rubbing her cheek
on my palm. I was relaxed by her love whisper and slowly fingered her
cheek. After fingering for about 2 minutes, I slowly took my handoff her
Cheek and hold her shoulder to rise up her knees. At last words came
from my mouth "Sleep with me" !!. She did as I said and laid besides me
on my bed. For a few minutes we were motionless, suddenly she tightened
my hand with hers and placed it on her belly. I made up mind not to
waste time anymore.... I crawled my hand to her boobs, she was holding
my hand tightly and never let me press it. She guided my hand to her
neck...face and I started tickling her ears. I can hear her Sex ecstasy
voice mmmmm..mmmmm.

I was half way on her, and started with the first kiss & smooch of my
life. She lost her control and hold my hair tightly and never let me
take my lips. I reached her tongue with mine, and she gave a bite. I
kissed her all over her face, and so did she. I started to invade her
boobs and this time she let me play, kiss and mouth. We were hugging and
spinning each other rolling all over the bed, kissing each other. She
was wearing skirt & tops, I started unzipping her tops, and she was much
co-operative turning her back for unzipping. We kneed on the bed and she
raised her hand to take off her tops. As did to her, she did the same to
take off t-shirt. Still on the knees, I could never resist and started
hugging kissing her boobs and around. she whispered my name and hold my
buttocks tightly to hers, as my hard pennies touched her, she was
jolted, and hold my buttocks still tighter and reached my neck hugging
with hers. When it was on the go, I slowly put my hands into her butt!
ocks and slowly lowered her skirt. She suddenly realized and refrained
me doing so. She was still half dressed in her petticoat (Slips) and I
removed it. The hand full of breast standing stiff and erect astonished
me. We hugged in bare body and I realized the heat of her body in mine.
I dragged my tongue all over her face, arm pit and boobs. She was so
curious and hold my back hair and guide me from her boobs to belly. She
was agonized by the tickle of belly. I went down licking and reached her
toes. I stated going back kissing her legs, thighs. I raised her Skirts
and kissed her thighs and started my journey (in side the skirt) towards
the treasure of cunt. She was again jolted, but as she felt
inconvenience with her skits, she immediately unbuckled her skirt and
took off through her head.

No word can explain her sexual apperance in her panties in the darkness.
I camped my kisses and licks in and around her panties, and I never let
come out of it. She realized that I would never leave the area, with out
stripping her panties and making her nude. She never wants to do so. She
raised and turned me down and started kissing me from top to bottom. I
wasn't shy when she tried to remove my lungi, I am nude before my
sister, she was also very shy to look at my nudeness in fade lights.
When she was probing to touch my pennies, I voluntarily took her hands
and lead her to touch my hard pennies. She made a feather touch, and my
pennies shooted up, and I whispered haaaaa... She understood I am
getting high and slowly tightened her grip. I was so high that I hold
her head down to my pennies to acquired a kiss voluntarily. She then
stated her kisses around my pennies and balls. She was on the go..goo..
I hold her hair back and hold my pennies and started trusting it into he!
r mouth. As she was immature and innocent in sex, she started with a
rough work, teething my pennies, it pained my a lot. I was rather much
curious to have an intercourse and trusted my hard pennies between her
legs. Our legs unlocked tightly, our body twisted, hands twisted around
and kisses on her neck. She lost her control, when I kissed her neck
area, she murmured mmmmmmmmmmm.. I realized that this is the golden
chance to undress her last panties. I never missed the moment she was
feeling the heaven and let me bring down her last piece of dress "the
panties". A real mystery of nudity ends here.

I spread her legs with mine and trusted my hardest pennies in to her
cunt, I was unsuccessful, because both are virgins and 'New Lads to
Sex'. Patently, I spit in my hand and applied in my pennies to lubricate
the passage. She hold my pennies and guiding into her passage. I trusted
my pennies with a vigor to reach inside. After an many unsuccessful
attempts at last my pennies reached deep inside the hole she shouted of
pain. I immediate smooched her to stop shouting. She started biting my
mouth deeply of pain and I was more generous let her do. After a stand
still silence, I gradually started moving my buttocks in and out. As she
her cunt was too tight for my pennies, She murmuded "enough enough". I
never let her go for 3 minutes and keep pumping in & out. Not able to
withstand the pain she pushed me down her and relived herself. That's
the day She rushed to the bathroom and never came out for 15 minutes.
Not able to control, I knocked the bathroom, she said "Enough I want t!
o sleep". I understood and collected her scattered dresses and handed it
to her in the bathroom. By then she came out of the bathroom dressed up
I understood the play was over. We did not speak to each other and went
to sleep.

The next night was the same old story, but both were in a relaxed mood
to exchange kisses & sex. She strictly told that I can do what ever I
want, but not intercourse (dick inside her cunt), cause she was afraid
that there may be a high risk of pregnancy. I accepted and from then we
had a very good Soft Sex Affair. I use to finger her cunt and fuck her
and She fuck me, masturbate me and eject the sperm on her body.

On the whole we would have had Soft Sex for about a 6~7 times, for just
2 year. We stopped every thing after she went to college. I think that
was the full stop for my filthy sex life with my cousin sister. I some
times feel bad to have fucked my Cousin Sister. I really feel ashamed of
myself. Past is Past but this will be an ever lasing black shadow on the
dark side of my Moon.


* Tell us how you liked this story* *( 1 is worst - 5 is best)*

* * *

				
*1* 	*2* 	*3* 	*4* 	*5*

*
Story viewed: *5691* times
Find more submissions from this author, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/search.php?id=2615>
Tell a friend about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/send_page.php?id=2615>
Post/Read comments about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/comments.html?id=2615>

