“That is... well, it’s... I must confess, Alice, that while it is truly an appalling example of Above’s restrictive corsetry and high-necked collars...” 

No, he wouldn’t know, would he? Alice has never attended a funeral in Underland. She doesn’t know what the citizens of this land (of which she is now a member!) do to mourn those who have passed, but she would have been more surprised to learn that donning black is a commonality than not. 

“The hat is a remarkable piece of haberdashery, though. And the embroidery on the gloves and handkerchief is...” 

Voice drying up to nothingness, Tarrant seems to just notice her silence, her stiff stance, her tightly clamped shut lips. One of his warm hands reaches up to her face. “What is this, my Alice?” 

Forcing her mouth to open is more difficult than she imagined it would be; when she speaks, it is in a dull whisper that she barely even recognizes as her own. Where had all her muchness gone? Just moments ago she had been tossing Tarrant’s fears into the fire, deriding them as silly and ridiculous. Shame tickles the back of her throat. How could she have so casually dismissed his concerns? If he had felt—and most likely still feels, despite her burning of the dress—the way she does about her own Dark Secret, her Fear, then she’d just done him a great disservice. 

He’d been remarkably brave about his Secret, she realizes. To speak of her own aloud seems nearly impossible. 

“It is a widow’s gown,” she forces herself to say. “What I will wear one day, when you... leave me.” 

He startles. The hand cradling the side of her face drops. 

Tarrant is much swifter with correctly piecing together the clues the dress and her demeanor than she had been with his. 

“You can’t believe that I would ever leave you, wife.” 

Sniffling back the tears that had sprung to her eyes, Alice retorts, “There may come a time when you do not have a choice in the matter, Tarrant. Things happen. People die. We both know that very well.” 

Incongruously, he starts to giggle. A less-battered-than-a-few-weeks-ago hand flutters up to his mouth, the fingers pressing themselves to the seam of his lips. The giggles can not be contained, though, and escape between his digits and into the air. 

“What a fine pair we make, my wife,” he manages between bursts of nervous chuckling. “I, who am afraid to be with you, and you, who are afraid to be with out me.” 

Well, when he puts it that way... 

Alice giggles despite herself as a tear wells out of the corner of her eye. She brushes it away with a dash of her knuckles. 

“What shall we do about it, husband?” 

“I may have an idea,” Tarrant tells her. 

A quarter hour later finds the widow’s weeds joining the ashes of the gingham gown. When both dresses are fully burnt, Alice turns to where the dress frames are keeping each other company (as being naked is an uncomfortable state of being for dress forms, Tarrant had informed her, and it may make it a bit easier on the curving metal frames if they were together rather than separate) and sees... nothing. 

“They’re gone,” she says. 

“So they are,” Tarrant agrees. 

“Is it because we both...confronted them?” Alice can’t help but ask. Her husband tilts his head to one side, considering. He is seated once again in the green velvet armchair; she, on a gold-fringed, tufted ottoman that is another new addition to the room. 

“I suspect so.” 

“Does that mean...we’ve successfully accomplished that particular step of our Courtship?” 

Red brows lift. Green-gold eyes blink, and then shine at her. “I believe so. It.... feels that way to me.” He taps his chest, right below his collarbone, briefly. “Does it feel that way to you?” 

“Yes, it does.” 

When the silence between them starts to grow again, Alice speaks up, just so that Tarrant is certain of her feelings on the matter. 

“I’m glad.” 

Now he’s smiling at her, and it is a glorious smile. If she were able to bottle emotions to savor them later, the emotion that is stretching his face into that particular smile would be one that she would desire to keep on hand at all times. 

“As am I.” Not removing his eyes from hers, he says, “Thank you, Alice, for letting me into your Heart. Being Welcomed here is... an honor.” 

“You are Welcome here any time it pleases you,” Alice offers. The fluttering of his bow tie and brightening of his suit jacket enthusiastically hint at his opinion on the matter. Still, Alice is not disappointed when he vocalizes: 

“Even if it should please me to be here oftener than I should?” 

Alice rises, takes the two steps over to her husband’s side, and, with careful and reverent fingers, lifts the top hat from his curls. “Of course,” she says, placing the hat atop her own golden locks. “As long as, occasionally, you allow me to wear this remarkable hat.” 

She expects a giggle, a guffaw, or even a chortle. The response she instead receives is infinitely more satisfying. His mouth falls open into the smallest of 'o's. It is the very same expression that she had last seen on his features after she’d looked up after devouring the pear. Then another ever-growing-familiar glimmer enters his eyes: that of a Naughtiness she’d dearly love to investigate. 

“My dear wife,” Tarrant lisps huskily, “You may wear that hat whenever you desire.” 

Bending at the waist to give him a kiss, Alice watches as Tarrant leans away from her, despite clearly not wishing to. “I don’t know if that is the best of ideas, my Alice. If I were to kiss ye here, and now, with ye wearing...” he trails off, but he has already said enough that Alice understands. The bed, which she’d largely ignored until now, suddenly looms very large in the background. She swallows convulsively, then reaches up, removes the hat from her own head, and returns it to her husband, gently settling it atop his hair. 

“We’ll save this for later, then, shall we?” 

His mouth quirks to the side. “You may rely upon it.”