Being scared was an understatement. I was terrified. I stood at the foot of my enemies bed. Just looking at the California King sized bed made my whole body tremble. I was looking at the bed where
I would soon be lying, waiting for my virginity to be taken.
I must have been the best friend in the whole world. You see Ella, my best friend since I was 5, decided that during lunch she was going to take the math teacher's, Mrs. Reeth's, answer book. I chalk that up to being stupid and 17. Ella snuck in and took the book, but was unaware that someone else was in the room watching her steal the book from the teacher's desk. Jake appeared from the back of the room, smirking and he sauntered up to a terrified Ella. Jake was Mr. Popular football player, everyone at school loved him but to people who were nobodies, like Ella and I, he was a complete jerk. Downright mean.
You see, this is why I never cheated on a test or even needed to for that matter. I always studied and had good grades, and was considered a teachers pet. My downfall was I was so shy, I didn't really talk too much. Ella was the opposite of me. She was louder and more confident, and lived a lot more riskier than I do. But I guess everyone needs their counterpart. She was mine.

 When Jake told her he had seen what she had done, Ella began to panic. She told Jake she would do anything for him to not go to the principal. Ella couldn't afford to get into anymore trouble, let alone expelled from school! Jake being the pig that he is told Ella that if she would do anything then she needed to be at his house at 6, to just let herself in because no one would be home and he wouldn't be done with football practice till then. He told her to stand at the foot of his bed and wait for him, he had a few "favors" for her to do. A teary eyed Ella agreed and ran from the classroom, the book left behind on the teachers desk.

Ella quickly came and found me, tears running down her face freely now. She told me everything. About Jake catching her, having to go to his house after school and doing him a "favor". I stood there stunned. When my best friend came running up to me in tears, this was the last thing I had been expecting. I began to soothe Ella and calm her down. I couldn't let this happen to her. I couldn't left him touch her in any way. I did the only thing I could do to stop my best friends agony, I told her I would go in her place. 

I knew Ella was a virgin, as was I. I had read about sex and knew what was suppose to happen to a girl. I knew it was all for a mans pleasure. I didn't want to see Ella have to go through that. I'd much rather give up my body, than have her give up hers to that asshole.
She couldn't believe I would do that for her, but after 12 years of friendship, I knew she would've done the same thing for me. Ella has helped me out so many times, it was about time I paid her back. 

We hugged for like 5 minutes and then went to our last class of the day. The time seemed to go so slowly. Jake had no idea that instead of Ella counting down the time till he terrorized her, that it was me instead. Sadistically, I knew he would be even more pleased seeing me at the foot of his bed. I know how bad he wants to break me and now he is going to get his chance.
The last bell rang and it all seemed surreal. I sat and talked to Ella for 45 minutes until I decided that I was going to walk over to his house. Me and Ella parted ways, she walked towards her home, where she was safe, and I walked towards Jake's house. Ella gave me the directions or I would have no idea where I was going, I told her I would text her and keep her updated if anything worse than what was expected to happen happened.
I walked for about 20 minutes until I reached this massive 4 story house
'this must be it'
I walked up the huge staircase. This place was massive.
'Rich arrogant prick'

Surely enough the door on the side of the house was unlocked.
I walked into the country styled kitchen. For a house so huge, it was eerily quiet.
'No one must be home'

I began to wander around the house. This place had its own library. It had a billiard room and multiple dens. Not to mention it seemed that almost every room had a fireplace. Up on the third floor I stopped at a door that was closed.
I pushed it open and let my eyes wander.
'This must be Jake's room'
The room was massive. He had a couch and a flat screen TV, a desk and computer. He had a huge stereo system in corner with what looked to be over 100 cds. And in the middle of this gigantic room was a huge California king bed. I felt my body begin to tremble. Looking at the bed gave me goosebumps.
I looked at his left bed side table and saw a black alarm clock with bright red numbers that read "5:59"
Just seeing the time made me so nervous I began to turn red and get hot. I was such asensitive person.
I took off my jacket, now only leaving my in a white fitted tee shit and fitted jeans. Not that there was much to see. My body was rather small. Smaller boobs and a smaller butt. I was small.

*Boom!*

Jumping a mile out of my skin, I tried to calm my heart down. It was the door downstairs. Football practice must be over.

I stared down at his maroon rug, biting my lip. I could feel the tears welling up behind my eyes and they began to slide down my cheeks. I wanted to be strong, but I am scared.
I could hear the steps creaking and footsteps slowly approaching me.
The door opened. I didn't dare look up at his satisfied face, I could just hear it in his voice.

"Well well well. This is a most pleasant surprise. I didn't even think your friend was going to show up. But this, this is the best surprise I could have gotten. I can get your friend expelled, you know? And I certainly have no problem doing that. So, you must know why you are here. None of those whores at our high school are even remotely satisfying. I was just going to make your stupid friend post nudes of herself in the school. You though, you I want. You're going to be my little slave, and you will obey me. Unless of course you want your friend to be expelled."

He began to laugh
"Are you scared little one? You are shaking"
I lifted my eyes from the ground, still biting my lip and tears streaming down my cheeks.

"I am scared. I don't wantyou to hurt me." I swallowed, trying to breathe.
"I've n-never been with a guy b-b-before. Not like that." I choked out.

I looked back down at his rug, my body began shaking more than it had before.
He came closer to me, now he was mere inches away.
He raised his hand and I flinched, not knowing what he was going to do.
"I'd never hit a woman, and I would never hit you." he wiped the tears from my cheeks.
He then did something I hadn't been expecting.

He lifted my tiny little body off the ground. I was squirming trying to wriggle free from his strong grip. But lets face it, this guy was massive compared to my slight frame. He set me gently onto his bed.
I instinctively began to scoot as far back as I could.

" I am sorry I scared you little one. I am not going to hurt you. I will only be gentle with you."
I looked up at him teary eyed, he was hovering over me, not quite on the bed yet.

"Why? Whywould you not want to hurt me? You hate me. I knew when I came here today you weren't going to be gentle with me. Especially when you found out I was a virgin."

"What?!" I screwed my eyes shut. His loud outburst startled me.

"You want me to be mean?" He got up on the bed so fast, his body completely had my little frame pinned beneath him.
I began to cry harder. He grabbed the side of my face and brought his mouth right on top of my ear.
"I can be mean little one, I could hold down your little body and take you. But that's not how I want this to be. I want you to enjoy me touching you where no one else has. I don't want you to be petrified and shaking."
He released the side of my cheek and got off from on top of me. He was on his knees now on the bed, towering over me. His eyes were looking over my body and that made my cheeks heat up.

"You're so tiny" I could hear his breath hitch just a little. He began to trace his fingers over my arms in small patterns, a shiver ran through my spine.
He must of liked the effect he was having on my body, he began to trace little patterns over my stomach. I could feel his fingers play with the hem of the bottom of my shirt.
I had never had someone else touch me like this before, the affection was foreign to me and my body was reacting in ways I couldn't control. I was trembling uncontrollably. My legs were noticeably shaking. He must have noticed because his eyes locked on to mine. His bright green eyes met my baby blues. We both had dark brown hair, his body was fit and my body, well I was small. Body, boobs and butt. I was tiny.
Never taking his eyes off of mine, he moved his fingers under my shirt.
My eyes widening, I began to get scared.

"It's okay sweetheart, I'm not going to hurt you."
For once I believe him. If he wanted to he could have taken me already in any way he wanted. I wasn't strong enough to fend him off and he knew that.

He traced little patterns under my shirt, soothing me until I wasn't scared of the foreign feeling of having a man's hand under my shirt.
After about 3 more minutes of him just touching my flat stomach, he leaned down and placed a soft kiss on my lips.
"Have you kissed someone before little one?"
I could feel my cheeks start to burn as he asked me that question. No, I had honestly never found the right man to kiss me. and Now my first kiss belonged to my worst enemy.
"That was my first kiss" I spoke so quietly, I was surprised he could even hear me.
He smiled down at me, the first time I had ever seen him truly smile at me.
"So fragile and innocent, I feel like the big bad wolf."
He moved his face back down to mine and in stead of a little peck on the lips, he firmly pressed his lips to mine. He bang to nibble on my bottom lip causing me to gasp in surprise. In that moment he slid his tongue over my bottom lip and into my mouth, claiming me. His hand found the back of my head and he wouldn't let me moved. He slowly slid his body over mine and he tried to deepen the kiss.
Having someone kiss me, felt kind of nice. Granted, Jake looked like a 6'3" model, so that kind of made it better, he was still the person who tormented me everyday. That same person who had my tiny body pinned beneath him as he began to kiss me and do whatever he pleased.

He pulled away and smiled down at me, I was gasping for air with wide blue eyes, looking up at him in wonderment.
He began to pull off my shirt and I began to wrestle around him. He was far too strong and grasped my little hands in his big ones, holding me still while he pulled my shirt over my head.

My cheeks were as bright as fire trucks. I was still attempting to struggle, I could feel his fingers playing with my bra strap.
He got my bra to come free as I ripped my hands from his and covered my small chest.

"Please no" It came out rather pathetic. Here I was begging my enemy to not shame me this much. Instead of saying anything he pushed me gently back down onto the bed, my hands still in place over my chest. He began to rub my shoulders and arms again, cooing at me

"sshh little one, it's alright."
He waited a few more minutes and grabbed my hands and moved them to my sides.
My breasts were in his full view now and I couldn't have felt more vulnerable.
I looked up at him defeated.

"You're beautiful." He was staring at my naked chest.
"N-no, I'm small" I had managed to find my voice.

"I like small. I am a very big man." His eyes wandered down my body, looking between my legs where my private parts were.
"I'm going to have to be very careful with you"

He lowered his head down to my right breast and took my little nipple into his mouth. I could feel his tounge circling the tip, making it stand at a peak. He pulled his head back and looked at the hard little nub. He took his hand and began to gently squeeze my left nipple, causing me to squeal.
His tongue flicked over one hard nipple while his forefinger and thumb pinched the other.
I had never felt anything like this before.
I could feel something between my legs, causing me to rub them together.
Jake took notice to this because he pulled up from my chest and placed his hand between my legs, not quite touching me in my private spot.
"Why do I ache down th-h-here?" My cheeks were on fire but I still managed to make eye contact.
"It means you're excited little one. Your pussy is throbbing. It's wet and wants something more." my brows knitted together

"M-y-y pussy?" I was genuinely confused. I had never heard of a pussy before.

Jaketook his hands from between my legs and undid the button of my jeans, followed by my zipper.
I let out a loud gasp and tried to move his hands away, but he already had the button undone.
In one swift movement he yanked my jeans down my slender legs, throwing them carelessly off the side of the bed.
All I had on now to cover my body was my tiny white thong.
Jake's huge hand covered the top of my little mound,

"This is your pussy." I was having problems catching my breath. I wanted to be touched there, but I as terrified all at the same time. I didn't want anything going up inside of me.
Jake looped his fingers through the sides of my thong and pulled it down, leaving me completely bare. My woman parts were completely bare with no hair giving his eyes a full view of everything I had to offer as a woman.

Jake's breathing was hitched and I could tell he was trying to control himself. His finger then ran down my little slit. He ran his finger up and down it a few times, enjoying the reaction he got from me. His finger then stopped at the bottom of my slit, where my untouched opening was.

"You're so wet sweetheart" He was looking down at me lovingly, his index finger just putting a little pressure on my opening.
"Don't be scared baby. I'm going to take out my cock now. I'm not going to hurt you."
My eyes were wide as he got off the bed and began to undress. First was his shirt. I couldn't help but look at his perfect abs, it made me blush.
Then I heard the zipper of his jeans and I knew this was it. I closed my eyes not wanting to see.

Jake began to chuckle
"Open your eyes little one"
I opened my eyes and saw Jake standing naked in front of me. His cock was standing up straight. It had to be at least eight inches and it looked so thick I don't even think I could wrap my hand around it.

"Will t-h-hat fit inside of me?" I couldn't hide the fear in my voice. There was no way that thing could fit inside of my body.

I looked up at him with wide, scared eyes. The smirk on his face didn't reassure me either.

"Yes, it will fit. Your body was made to take my cock, no matter how small you may be."
It felt like a million butterflies were inside of my stomach trying to get out. I must have seemed apprehensive because Jake continued to reassure me.

"Don't worry, I'm going to be soft and very slow. It will hurt at first, but the pain will go away."

Nodding my head, there wasn't much more to say. This was it.
I felt the bed shift and Jake crawled on top of me. His lips met mine and it wasn't a rushed passionate kiss. It was a soft, sweet kiss.

"Spread your legs for me little one"
I complied and spread apart my legs, but only a little bit.

Jake began to chuckle,
"No, you will have to spread them a little wider than that baby."
His hands gripped my inner thighs and spread my legs wide apart.
A blush crept up on my cheeks. Here I was completely naked, with the guy of whom I fought with on a day to day basis, and he has now parted my legs wide apart, looking at the most private part on my body.

"You're mine" Jake growled, but continued on;
"And this was supposed to be a punishment"

As soon as he said the word 'punishment' fear began to set back in. How could I have trusted him so easily?
With huge blue eyes I looked up at him, completely vulnerable.

"Don't worry, I am not going to hurt you. I will never hurt you"

My body began to relax again.
"As for your punishment little one. I am going to fill your tiny pussy full of my cum. You are mine and so is your pussy and I am going to make sure you understand that."

Before I had time to react to what he had just said, he positioned his thick, long cock against my virgin opening.

He leaned down and captured my lips with his. The kiss was soft and gentle.
He deepened the kiss, and began to slowly enter my body.

He stopped at my barrier, and broke the kiss. He was staring deeply into my eyes,
"You're mine"

With one big thrust he was completely sheathed inside of my body.
The pain was incredible. I couldn't help the tears that began to flow down my cheeks.
It felt as if I had been split in two, he was far too big for me.

"You're too big for me" I looked up at him with pleading eyes
"I don't think I can take it" Chewing on my bottom lip, with tears coming down, I pleaded.

"You can take my cock baby, and you will. It will feel better, you just have to get used to it."

He began to slowly pull his huge cock from my body, I could almost see the tip. There was a little bit of blood, but not a lot.
He let out a deep growl, and I could tell he was trying to control himself.

He slowly pushed himself back inside of me and started a slow rhythm.
It didn't take long before it started to feel good.

"Go faster please"

Jake started to pound my little pussy. Taking no mercy.

"I cant control myself anymore. You're cunt is so tight and wet, I want to hear you beg me to fill you up with my cum"

I couldn't help the moan that escaped my lips. He was thrusting inside of me so fast, I'm surprised i wasn't screaming.

"You like that sweetheart?" He began to pick up his thrusting
"Tell me where my cum belongs"

Looking up with huge innocent baby blues, tear stains on my cheeks,
"Your cum belongs in my pussy, make me yours"

It didn't take long after I said that. I could feel hot spurts of cum shooting inside of me. When his cock stopped spurting inside of me, he pulled out.
There was so much cum inside of me my pussy couldn't hold it all. It was dripping from opening down my thighs.

My legs were still parted and Jake took his hands and spread open my pussy.
He looked over my abused, cum filled hole and seemed very satisfied with what he had done.

"Next time angel I will show you what an orgasm is and all the pleasures that you can experience"
He leaned down and gave the top of my head a kiss

"This time was for me. Showing you who you belong to."

I shifted up into the sitting position on his bed. I didn't like him towering over me still.

"Now give me a kiss and be a good girl"

I did as I was told.
