A Girl's Gotta Make The Rent!
byTimeris©

A Girl's Gotta Make The Rent! Ch. 03

Sam has another job for her.

Jesse looked at the caller ID on her phone and felt a shiver of anticipation. She picked up to Sam, the sexy photographer on the other end.

"Hi Jesse, how are you?"

"I'm doing pretty good, how about you?"

"I'm feeling creative, and had another proposal for you."

"Oh really?"

Jesse thought back to her original session, and immediately felt a stirring. Sam had not only filmed her nude, but tied up, with a rather intense lesbian experience. Not only was it fun, but it paid well at the same time.

"This time is a little different, no explicit nudity, but a fun public twist. Are you interested?"

"I'm intrigued, I'd love to hear more." She tried to keep the mild disappointment from her voice at the lack of nudity.

"When can you stop by? We can talk about it and make more detailed plans."

"I'm off work in a few hours, I can come there afterwards, if that works."

"Sounds great, see you this evening."

"Great! I'm looking forward to seeing you again."

*****

The door chime sounded, and Jesse looked up to see Sarah coming in. A lot had changed since their last shift together. For one thing, Sarah's outfit was substantially more revealing. The low cut tank top was fighting a losing battle to keep Sarah's large breasts restrained. The thin material clearly showed her hard nipples, and there was a dramatic swaying to her breasts as she walked to the counter, a big grin on her face.

She was wearing a short peasant skirt, in a colorful tie-dye pattern. She wore the elastic waistband low, exposing her pelvic bones, and even so, the skirt was well above her knees. She gave a pirouette when she was about ten feet away, and Jesse got an eyeful of her co-worker's panty free state.

"Oh wow! Someone is stepping out of her shell!" Jesse exclaimed.

"You like it?"

"You're HOT! Of COURSE I like it!"

Sarah blushed and gave a small curtsy.

The next hour went by swiftly, with Jesse constantly checking out her suddenly trampy co-worker.

Sarah was reveling in the attention, both from the customers, and from Jesse's increasingly interested looks. She made a special effort to lean forward to give views of her cleavage, while the tank top strained on the edge of exposing a nipple. At one point, she carefully bent from the waist, drawing up the back of her skirt to the point where the bottom of her ass cheeks were visible.

Jesse sidled up to her with a thoughtful look on her face.

"I have an idea."

"Oh?"

"I think you need to roll up the waistband a few inches."

Sarah grinned and looked around. She quickly folded the waistband over four times, and the skirt was now short enough that it was just below exposing her sex.

"Better?"

Jesse made a show of walking around her, and to Sarah's surprise, lifted the hem, exposing her neatly trimmed pussy. She held it that way for about ten seconds and let it go.

"I think that'll do."

*****

A half hour before closing, Jesse had another suggestion: "Let's make the rest of the night more fun."

"What do you mean?"

"Five minutes before closing, we both get naked, and finish out the night that way."

"Oh... I don't know. What if we get caught? We could get fired."

"Five minutes. We'll step outside to see if anyone is coming. If not, we go back in and close out the night naked."

"Okay, but if anyone is coming, it's off."

"If someone is, we do it as soon as the door is locked. I really want a good look at that hot body of yours."

The minutes counted down, and the moment of truth arrived. Jesse grabbed Sarah's hand and pulled her somewhat reluctantly to the front of the store. They walked outside into the cool evening air and carefully looked both directions up the sidewalk, as well as at the parking lot across the street.

Sarah looked back at the store front, and realized that between the large windows and the overhead lights, the interior of the store was quite visible in the early evening light. She was about to protest that it was too exposed, when Jesse spoke up, "Right, all clear!"

The walked back in, and Jesse pulled the tight black tee shirt over her head, she pulled down her mini skirt, and stood at the store entrance, naked except her sneakers.

"Your turn!"

Sarah trembled a little bit and gave her a wan smile. She took in Jesse's smaller breasts, and took a close look at her pierced nipples.

"Stop wasting time!" Jessed said with a grin.

Sarah took a look behind her, out the front door and before she could chicken out, pulled the peasant skirt down below her knees, letting it drop the the floor. Without thinking about it, she pulled the top over her head, and stood in front of Jesse, equally naked.

Jesse gave her a tight hug, feeling their hot, bare skin touch, sending an almost electrical jolt through both of them. She let go, knelt down, and while staring directly at Sarah's pussy, grabbed her clothes from the floor. She stood up suddenly, and bolted for the back room, leaving Sarah naked and surprised on the front foyer of the bookstore.

Jesse came back out front, finding that Sarah was no longer in sight. She glanced up at the desk area raised above the cash register counter and just glimpsed her ducking down. She grinned and walked casually to the front door. She stood for a minute, waiting for exactly closing time, exposed to anyone who happened to glance in as the went by, turned the sign from "Open" to "Closed" and turned the latch.

"It's safe now!"

Sarah rose up from behind the desk, her arms covering her breasts.

"Asshole!"

Sarah laughed nervously.

"You loved it, don't lie."

They talked as the worked, one of them clearing up any clutter on the store floor, the other counting the cash register. Jesse mentioned she was going to see the photographer after work.

"Oh wow, does she have another job for you?"

"It appears so, I'm going over to find out."

"I wonder what she has for you this time..." Sarah asked, a wistful expression on her face.

"It doesn't sound the same as last time, but really, I have no idea. I'm hoping she was some pictures from the last session to share with me."

Jessed picked up the bank deposit bag, and brought it and the cash register drawer to the back. She locked them in the safe, and turned to where she'd left hers and Sarah's clothes. She had a brief wicked thought, and went back out front, to see Sarah hiding behind the end of a bookshelf.

"Someone just walked by!"

"Oh? They seem to be gone now."

Jesse casually walked to the front of the store, and looked both directions out the window.

"All clear."

Soon they were done straightening up, and the both of them walked into the back room.

Sarah took a look around and couldn't see the clothes where they were piled up earlier.

Jesse finished turning off most of the lights out front, and glanced at her nervous coworker.

"Something wrong?"

"Where did our clothes go?"

"I had another idea."

"Oh no..."

"I bet you'd get a rush out of driving home naked."

"Are you kidding? It's not that late. My roommate might see me! And everyone else!"

"It's a weeknight, how busy could it be? I promise you, this will be a huge rush. We're both parked across the street, and we'll only be outside the car for a few seconds."

"But you're going to that photographer's place. Won't that be awkward?"

"Nothing she hasn't seen before."

"Good point."

"Come on, you'll love it."

Jesse walked over and gave her a hug. Her hands felt Sarah's hot skin, and when she backed away, she noticed that the girl was flushed, and her nipples were still rock hard. Sarah was panting a little, from the evening's experiences, and in obvious anticipation of the next part of it.

She picked up her bag, and fished out her car keys. "Let's go, before I lose my nerve."

Jesse grinned and got her own keys.

"Can I at least bring my clothes with me?"

"Nope. Naked all the way."

"Okay..."

They walked to the front of the dimly lit store. Jesse took one more careful look outside and said "Ready?"

She unlocked the door, and set the store alarm. The thirty second countdown started, and with a great sense of urgency, they opened the front door. Jesse locked the front door, with Sarah bouncing from one foot to another, the motion doing interesting things to her breasts.

They turned, and dashed across the street, making it to the far sidewalk. In the distance they could see headlights as a car turned the corner, and in unison, they ducked down behind a parked car. They unlocked their cars, and Sarah gave her a quick peck on the cheek before dashing into her vehicle.

Jesse walked more slowly to her car, savoring the exposure. Opening the car door, she noticed a couple walking up the street, oblivious the the beautiful naked women just yards away. She noticed one of them stare in disbelief as she spotted Sarah's naked form as she pulled out of the parking lot. She backed up and gave a small toot on the horn as she pulled out behind her naked friend.

*****

When Jesse arrived at Sam West's studio, she parked on the street, making sure to be under a streetlight. She got out the car, grabbing her bag. The neighborhood was mainly industrial, and it was pretty much deserted. She walked to the door, and rang the doorbell, smiling into the camera.

"Prepared again I see."

"I like to be flexible."

"I'd like to explore that someday."

The door buzzed, and Jesse pushed it open.

Sam stepped into a pool of light across the warehouse space. She was unbuttoning her shirt as she walked in Jesse's direction. She let it fall to the floor, revealing her lithe figure, now as naked as her guest.

"You've had a makeover." Sam said.

"You inspired me." Jesse replied, stepping forward and kissing Same on the neck.

Sam admired her model. Jesse's long black hair, with perfect bangs, fell to the middle of her back. Halfway down, her hair transitioned into a vibrant purple, which also highlighted the tips of her bangs. The nipple rings had matching purple beads, with a larger one hanging from the front of her clitoral hood piercing. Contrasting her pale skin, she had dramatic makeup, with smokey eyeshadow and a dark red lipstick. Finishing the look, her fingernails were painted in a purple similar in shade to her hair.

"I approve. But did you forget your clothes?"

"No, I was playing some games with my co-worker, and I thought it would be fun to show up like this."

"Games?"

"I've been a bad influence on her. I think you'd like her."

"Could be. Does she model?"

"Not as far as I know, but she's got a killer body."

Sam looked thoughtful.

"Well, we can follow up on that."

She took Jesse's hand, and led her to the back of the warehouse, and up a set of steel stairs. Sam handed her a drink, and they sat down on either end of a large brown leather sofa.

"So, the creative project..."

Jesse nodded in anticipation, watching the beautiful photographer over the top of her glass of bourbon.

"I want to do a portrait series, but with a twist. The model will be clothed, and the portraits will be somewhat candid, taken in public. I'm also trying to decide how conservative the dress will be."

"Okay, I'm not understanding the point."

Sam grinned.

"Underneath, the model will be wearing a remote controlled sex toy. I want to capture the expressions as the model is given secret pleasure, in a public setting."

That DID sound interesting, Jesse thought.

"Because sex is involved, and it's going to be in public, I am willing to pay higher than my hourly rate."

"When do you want to do it?" Jesse asked, clearly interested.

"Whenever you have a day off, but soon as possible."

"Okay, would you want two models? I can see if I can talk Sarah into it."

"Maybe. Let me know, that might add some interesting angles to the project."

Jesse thought about how much fun it would be having a partner in this project. She smiled inwardly, realizing that it was really turning her on.

Sam took a swallow from her glass and set it down on the coffee table. She stood up and walked away. She stopped and turned to Jesse. "Come on. Enough business."

Jesse set her glass down, and followed after Sam.

*****-

Sunlight coming through the tall windows woke her. She was curled up naked lying on Sam's shoulder. She reached over, and began playing with the barbell through her lover's nipple, eliciting a self-satisfied groan. Sam opened her eyes, and brushed the purple hair from Jesse's shoulder.

"That was a wonderful night." Sam extricated herself from Jesse's embrace, and got out of bed. Leaning on one elbow, Jesse admired Sam's firm buttocks as she walked out of the room.

"I won't leave any coffee for you if you don't hurry up." She called after her.

*****-

"It's a shame I don't own any clothes I can share with you." Sam said with a look of mock concern. "You'll just have to leave the way you came. And came. And CAME."

"The trials I must suffer..." Jesse replied.

"I do have something though."

Sam left the room, coming back in a moment her hands hidden behind her back. With flourish, she held up a stainless steel butt plug. It was curved, with a bulbous head that gave Jesse a bit of hesitation.

"Bend over the counter, legs spread."

Jesse looked into Sam's eyes, and lowered them as she rose from the stool. She put her elbows on the counter, and spread her legs as she arched her back. She felt the cool steel rub between her lips, pressing against the hood piercing and moaned. Sam slowly pushed it into her wet pussy, lubricating the plug.

She removed it, and began pushing it into Jesse's asshole, causing a bit of pain, as it was much larger than she was used to. Shortly, as she panted and moaned, the head of the plug passed her sphincter, and the sore muscle contracted around the smaller post.

"For practice. I think it's going to be part of your 'equipment' for the photo shoot."

Jesse had never felt so full. She stood up straight, and was fully aware of the object that had so stretched her asshole.

"You should probably head out before there's too much traffic on the road."

Jesse nodded, and allowed Sam to lead her gingerly to the front door. Without thinking, she left Sam's studio, the majority of her attention on the large object firmly lodged in her rectum.

*****

She drove home without incident, although not unseen. It would have been impossible to get to her apartment across town unnoticed. Luckily nobody seemed to mind, and soon she was parked outside her studio apartment.

She grabbed her bag, and quietly made her way upstairs. As soon as the door was closed behind her, she headed to her bedroom, and took a vibrator from the drawer. Soon she was on her bed, working the ball in her hood piercing while deeply inserting the vibrator in her aching pussy. It didn't take long until she came hard, as she daydreamed about the night before, and the days ahead.


