My Family
by jdowney

First time with my brother

I had been teasing him for over a year, letting him have glimpses of me nude by leaving door open a bit. Glimpses of me in shower, of me changing in room and of me rubbing my pussy softly moaning. But this day became more then that, our parents were both out and my bf was over. We were in my room and again i left door a bit open, i was laying on bed my bf thrusting his latex covered cock deep in me making me moan out as my fingers stroked his back and legs wrapped around his waist. I looked over at the door to see him watching, my older brothers and my eyes met as he watched me, this excited me as i ground hips back hot and eager so excited i screamed out cumming my body shaking with it, my eyes on my brother entire time.
A short time later after sending my bf off to his job i got under the hot shower enjoying the feel of it as i thought of the events earlier, my body responding with hand caressing pussy. I looked over and met eyes with my brother and watched him remove his clothes before stepping in with me. Hi cock was hard and bobbing i reached for it stroking it as he pushed me to the wall kissing me. It sent shivers down me, i thought i would melt from it. I confessed a desire of mine to him that i wanted him as he kissed my neck and caressed my breast. "I want to suck your cock i moaned out to him." He told me he needs to fuck me now and turned me so i pressed hands into the wall i bend for him pushing my ass out for him. His cock rubbing into ass excited me so, i told him to please fuck me. He pushed his cock in slow moaning telling me how good i felt. It was so hot thought i couldn't contain it in me i didn't even think about his cock was bare in me and i pushed back as he thrust in me eager and needy, his cock feeling so incredible pumping into my pussy. We were both so excited and turned on by what we were doing it couldn't last long and i was soon cumming moaning out in bliss as my brother fucked me in the shower. His own moans soon followed and he pushed in deep his quivering cock shooting streams of his thick cum deep up in me, his body shaking some with it like he was emptying every drop into me in his need. We stay like that for a bit enjoying the feel of being joined in that way his cock in me. Then turning and kissing hotly, me aware of his cum in me leaking out. He told me lets go to his bedroom and we quickly did, i needed him again and his words telling me what he wanted to do to me made my knees weak and any resistance i had vanish, i would let him use my body as he wanted and i would let his cock fill me again and i would taste his cock which i had been desiring.
 

Camping with the family

It was the first night of our family camping trip in early June and the first one of the season, one of many we would take this summer as my family loved the outdoors camping and nudism. I grew up with it always in my life so it seems as natural as breathing air.

When my brother gently shook me awake in the middle of the night it did not surprise me, he and I had let both attraction and lust get the better of us and as a result we became lovers recently. I have written about our first time on here for those interested(link above). My brother Jeff is just over 6 feet tall with reddish brown hair and wonderful blue eyes, his body is fit and muscular and he sported a nice thick cock just above average with a slight bend upwards that seemed to hit all the right spots. I myself am 5’6” with long curly red hair with greenish grey eyes. I have a slight build and like to keep active.

My brother whispered to open my sleeping bag as I looked noticing his was open his cock already hard and inviting, making me flush in excitement. I whispered to him “Is he asleep?”, I was referring to my oldest brother. In the tent we were using was 4 of us, my 2 brothers and my twin sister and I. Jeff said he was in a whisper and I checked to see if my sister was asleep. Hearing her steady breathing I was assured and slowly opened the zipper on my sleeping bag. Jeff pushed in closer as I slipped my black cotton panties down using my feet to push in bottom of my sleeping bag, I was not wearing a top. Moving closer my finger encircled his cock stroking it as I felt its heat soaking into my fingers, his own fingers sliding between my legs rubbing my already moist pussy, only our kiss prevented my moan out loud. He slid a finger in me making me melt into him, my fingers stroking him with his cock head rubbing into me, I felt a smear of precum coating my skin. Jeff curled a second finger in my pumping my pussy as his thumb rubbing over my clit hood, the fingers curling inside pushing up hitting the right spot, I almost lost track of stroking him as he rapidly fingered me. I pressed my face into his shoulder to muffle myself wanting to moan out how fantastic his fingers were making me feel but knowing I couldn’t with our siblings next to us. He whispered in my ear words he knew I loved. “Cum for me, you know your pussy is mine to finger, to fuck and lick when I want, my sis my slut.” It didn’t take long I pressed face into his shoulder and neck, my body exploded with it, trembling against him, my juices soaking his fingers as I came for him. My knees were weak and before I recovered he had me on my stomach and was moving on top of me, his cock brushing on my ass, I lifted it letting him guide his cock to my wet lips. He slid inside my wet pussy his cock stretching my pussy around it, pushing in me as I pushed back meeting him. He whispering in my ear how he loved my sweet pussy and how good I felt as he fucked me, I met his thrusts as we fucked there between our sleeping siblings. I bit my pillow to not moan out as I felt the pleasure building, Jeff’s own breath becoming more ragged as he struggled for control. He moaning into my ear softly he was going to cum in me, fill me, told me how I wanted it and craved his cum. He was right I did and when his cock started shooting his thick seed in me my own orgasm washed over me making me bite my pillow harder. It was pure heaven, as we came more to our senses he rolled off me to my side, his cock sliding free. We spooned together my head turning as we kissed our tongues entangling. As we then lay resting

I listened for our siblings breathing and found it still steady. Jeff in a sleepy voice claimed he had to pee and left the tent quietly, I lay there thinking about how hot I was doing it next to my twin and my oldest brother. My fingers sliding between my legs caressing my pussy then sliding in it pushing in and out thinking about what would happen if they had awoken. As I heard Jeff slipping back in I removed my fingers sucking them clean tasting our mixed cum. I moved fully into my own bag but not zipping back up. Jeff kissed me again and then said quietly “we should hike tomorrow is some secluded spots we could slip off to”.

I lay there hot and thinking about being caught, my body still excited, I lay until I even heard Jeff’s steady breathing. I needed to pee myself so I quietly made my way out of the tent into the night, being careful not to disturb anyone. The cool air felt wonderful on my naked form as I moved, the fire now dying down the flames low I could feel its heat as I passed it. I moved off down the path towards the beach, it was pitch black except for some fires through the trees from other campers. As I approached the beach I saw through the trees there was a fire not far from the shore, 2 men were sitting talking quietly. I squatted down watching them and parted my legs some letting loose stream of pee. I wondered if I should have really come out naked like I was. I finished peeing and stood watching the men, moving closer looking wondering who they were, also I think now also due to still being aroused. One turned speaking to other and I realized it was my uncle Ross, I thought the other must be my dad. I felt heat rush over me as Uncle Ross had been the one to take my virginity and his actions leading me to explore the idea that lead to my brother and I being lovers as well as other unfulfilled fantasies.

I felt the heat in me and made decision I stepped out nude onto the beach sand and moved toward them as I approached they both turned and noticed me, the light of fire reaching my skin. My Uncle smiled and told me come here baby girl and motioning me. The other guy was not my father but someone I didn’t know. I briefly hesitated but I was committed now so i moved onward. My uncle reaching for me as I got near and pulling me into his lap on the chair he was sitting. I slid am arm around his neck as he kissed me telling me it’s wondering to see me, as he slid a hand down my back caressing my ass and the other stroking my thigh. I looked over at the other guy looking at me, eyeing my naked body. He was early 50’s dark skin with greying hair a grey moustache on his face, his arms were muscular but he had bit of a belly. My uncle is in his late 40’s and is just under 6 feet tall with brown curly hair and brown eyes, he was fit with some muscles but his most outstanding feature was his cock, it was very long and had a nice thickness.

My uncle introduced the other man as a friend of his named Scott, and me as the wild niece he told him about. Scott commented “Ahhh is that why she came out naked to greet us?”. They both laughed at that and Scott said was pleasure to meet me. My uncle asked me if I was missing my uncle to come out so late like this. I told him I was to which he replied he was missing me to. He slid his hand up my thigh between my legs, I parted them letting him moved his hand between my legs, his fingers rubbing my pussy slowly. I bit my lip watching Scott as my uncle rubbed my pussy in front of him, I could feel my uncles cock hardening under my ass and my own heat rising inside knowing I would let them do whatever they wanted.

My uncle told Scott how wet I was as he slid a finger in my pussy making me moan out. Scott commented I look like I am enjoying it. I ground my hips into my uncle’s cock making him comment “oh yes baby girl, show him how much you enjoying it for me”. I slid to my knees in the sand and helped my uncle off with his shorts, his cock springing free in my face. I looked at it, large and thick, my focus all on it. I kissed the tip swirling my tongue on it before sliding it in my mouth making my uncle comment to “suck it baby girl, she is so good”. I swallowed his cock sliding up and down the shaft my tongue tasting and swirling on its thickness, my uncle now fully hard thrusting into my mouth his tip hitting back of my throat pushing into it making me gag slightly till I relaxed letting it push into back of throat. My uncle waved to side and I kept sucking him till he lifted my head off, I then saw Scotts large dark cock inches from my face my uncle saying “you want that baby girl?” I leave toward Scott taking his cock in my mouth feeling more hot, my pussy aching to be touched and used. I sucked Scotts cock deep in my mouth it was long but thinner than my uncle’s so relaxing I took it deep in mouth looking up at him as I did. My uncle prompted me back to his cock which I eagerly sucked as I stroked Scott, switching back and forth soaking their cocks in my saliva with my hungry mouth. My uncle told me he wants to watch me take Scott, so I moved and on hands and knees on sand he got behind me sliding his cock in me and telling my uncle how tight I was. He reached around grabbing my breasts thrusting in me and I moaned freely pushing back telling him to fuck me. The excitement of it all, here on the beach with my uncle and a stranger he soon had me cumming on his cock moaning as I did telling him “yes yes yes oh fuck me making me cum with that cock.” I watched my uncle stroke his big cock watching me, as I ground back into Scott, my pussy soaking him, squeezing him when I came. I was getting close again as Scott moaning out how tight I was how good I was, his breath panting as he pulled out shooting his thick cream onto lower back and my ass then sliding in me again for a few strokes before pulling out and smacking my ass thanking me and moving to his seat and taking a drink of his beer. My uncle rolled me on my back in the sand moving on top me he pushed his cock in quickly making me moan loudly as he cock filled me, so heavenly my pussy stretching around it making me feel filled and loving it. I wrapped my legs around him as he thrust deep in me, my hands tracing his sides I was close before my uncle now set me off, my pussy gushing on his cock and I was writhing around impaled on it moaning loudly into the night, cumming and not caring about anything but that at that moment. My uncle was relentless pumping into me so eager and telling me he missed my pussy, it was heaven everything slid into me. It was not long before he made me cum again as he thrust in deep his cock exploding blasting his cum into me, my pussy gripping and milking his cock as I came on it. He lay on top me panting as we recovered the moving off me offering his cock to clean off for which I did tasting the mixed cum on it.

The dawn was in horizon now with sky beginning to lighten my uncle saying I better get back before I am missed. Both men pressing into me on either side and kissing me, Scott thanking me again. My uncle telling me to come back out the next night. I headed back to the tent hotly anticipating the rest of the week thinking I likely won’t get much sleep at all.

