Henry had just woken up. It was just after 10 and his college classes for the day began just after lunch. He stretched, pushing the sheet off himself and exposing his naked body to the sun's rays shining in through the window. Although he still lived at home with his mother, Cecilia, and he had only recently started to sleep in the nude, her job was a normal 9-5 meaning she had left hours ago.

Henry was still new to the feeling of being nude in bed, having decided to test it out just a few nights ago, and contemplated sleeping another half-an-hour just for the sake of nudity. There was never any nudity at home during his childhood. Both his mother and his father, when he was still alive, were careful to cover-up around the house - something that even Henry inherited - but a few days ago, on a whim, he had decided to try sleeping without clothes in. Having found it comfortable, new and daring he continued sleeping naked the following nights when he knew he would not be interrupted by his working mother. He lay there in bed, the thin sheet he used as a blanket bunched at his feet, when suddenly the door opened.

“Oh, I'm sorry!”, said Cecilia as soon as she opened the door and saw him laying on the bed without any clothes in. She covered her eyes and hurriedly backed out and closed the door as Henry, stutteringly repeating her words, scrambled to pull up the sheet and cover himself. His mother was, apparently, not at work today and now had seen him unlike she had seen him since we was a small child: naked from head to toe and stretched out on the bed.

After the door had closed the reality of the situation started to sink in for Henry: his mother had seen him naked and now probably thought she had a pervert living in her house. What would happen now? Would she kick him out, forcing him to find an apartment? His part-time job has nowhere near enough to pay for the month's groceries, let alone the rent. Would she stop talking to him? She must think that she failed to raise a proper, modest son. Henry continued thinking about what just had happened as he quickly put on his clothes.

As he was contemplating a sweater just to try to balance out the unintended exhibition he heard the front door close and, soon after, the car starting and driving away.

Henry's worrying continued as he prepared himself for class and he speculated about what might happen when he was due to come home later that afternoon. A list of possible excuses to be used when asked - which Henry was sure to happen sometime - were constantly being formed, evaluated and discarded. Prior to going home at the end of the school day he flirted with the idea of staying out at the library or someplace just to avoid the inevitable confrontation with his mother, but the realization that she was going to question him sooner or later made him go straight home after class,  albeit slowly and with an unwillingness to have to drop-out of college, get a real job and start paying all the bills.

As he rounded the final corner he saw that the car was home and knew that the dreaded talk would soon have to take place. He hesitated at the front door before going inside. He looked into the living room and saw his mother on the sofa, watching TV. When she saw Henry she switched the TV off and turned to face him. Cecilia called her son over to her.

He slowly walked over to the sofa and stood nervously in the center of the room, with his head bowed down and his sweaty hands clasped in front of him.

“I'm glad you're home because we need to talk about this morning”, she began. “Care to explain yourself?”

Henry stood in silence, unknowing exactly where to start.

“Well?", she asked. "Why were you naked this morning?”

He eventually manged to start speaking: “That's how I sleep.”

“Oh, is it? When did you start with this behavior?”

“Just a few days ago”, Henry explained.

“And what made you start sleeping naked in my house?”, Cecilia asked with irritation in her voice.

Henry was quiet once more, trying to think of an acceptable answer. He quickly decided that there weren't any real good answers other than the truth.

“I wanted to try it, that's all. I liked the feeling”, he nervously explained.

“You're not some kind of pervert that exposes himself in parks and alleyways?”, she inquired.

“No!”, came Henry's quick reply. The accusation shook him slightly and he felt the need to further explain himself. “I only read about it and wanted to try being without clothes at night. I didn't mean anything by it!” he pleaded, glancing up into her eyes for the first time since he had come home.

“You're sure about that? You're sure that you're not some weirdo pervert living in my house?”, she repeated.

Henry looked up his mother again and again defended himself as best he could: “Honestly, mom, I was just curious about the nudity thing and it was nothing else! I didn't know you were still at home or that you would come into my room and see me like that. I've been miserable all day, hoping that you didn't get offended. I just wanted to be without clothes for a few nights and found it comfortable and natural enough to want to do it again. I'll stop doing it now. I didn't mean anything by it!”

He looked down at the floor again, waiting for his mother's reaction. He had told her the truth and that was that. Now he awaited her decision.

After a short while her gaze softened and after a deep breath she finally said “I think believe you, Henry”.

Half of the weight on his shoulders was immediately lifted: she wasn't offended and this incident had not, hopefully, damaged their relationship. Now he only needed to worry about whether he was still allowed to live with her.

“It's ok, Henry. I think I understand but I need some time to think about what you've said. Make yourself something to eat and then go to your room. I'll be up later and we can talk further about this.”, his mother said. She stood up and left the room.

Henry remained standing in the middle of the room and heard her close the door to the study. He was in mood for food and so he went directly to his room where he laid down on the bed, turned on the TV and tried to concentrate on anything else other than what might or might not be said when his mother was ready to talk.

About an hour later there was a knock at his door. He switched off the TV and sat up. The door opened and his mother cautiously came into the room, looked him over and sat down beside him on the bed. Henry saw that she had a different expression on her face than she had earlier in the living room: something was troubling her and he feared the worst.

“Henry, I've been thinking about what you said”, she started, “about you not wanting to cause trouble and I believe you. I've also thought about your wanting to sleep naked and natural and, I realize that your father and I have always been a bit... uptight about our bodies. That's how we were raised and I can see that it's not always the best arrangement to be as conservative as we were brought up to be.”

“Since you're grown-up now I suppose it's normal to want to try new things”, she continued. “This being naked thing isn't anything your father and I have ever spoken to you about and if you want to try it then, I'm supposed to support you in everything you do. You're absolutely right that nudity is natural. It's how we all were born and if you want to try it then, I can't really make myself forbid it. If you want to sleep naked, Henry, then you should do it. It's not hurting anyone, it's natural and I'm sure there are many people that also do it. I shouldn't have barged into your room this morning in the first place so it was sort of my fault.”

Speaking up for the first time since his mother came into the room, he said “it's not your fault, mother, it's mine for doing it.”

“No, Henry”, she replied. “It's, not really anyone's fault. This shouldn't be something to be blamed on people. We just have different views on nudity. If you like it then I'm not going to be the one to stop you.”

Henry sat silent, looking at her, not really sure what to say.

“I mean, Henry, if you want to continue with it, then it's up to you”, his mother explained. “You should continue. Ok?”

Unsure of how exactly to take it, he nodded.

“So it's decided then”, Cecilia said, smiling for the first time. “It's ok, Henry. Really, it is.”

Henry's mood had lightened up. He wasn't being thrown out, could continue with his college education and his mother no longer seemed upset at all.

Henry smiled back, shyly.

“Well, I've got things to do”, she said, getting up from the bed. “I'll see you later to say goodnight”, the said as she left his room.

Henry breathed a sigh of relief. This morning's problems were now over and slowly his appetite was coming back. He decided to put all this nudity thing behind him and get himself something to eat.

For the rest of the evening he somewhat avoided his mother, trying to busy himself with schoolwork. Late in the evening, while he was reading at his desk, he heard a knock at the door. His mother opened it and came in and stood next to him. He turned to face her.

“I just wanted to say good night,” she said gently.

“Good night mom”, replied Henry. He turned back to the book, expecting her to leave - instead she remained by his side.

“I said good night, mom”, said Henry, puzzled.

“Henry?”

He turned and looked up at her. “Yes?”

“You haven't changed your mind, have you?”, she inquired.

“About what?”

“About wanting to be natural.”

Henry tensed up a little. He was hoping that this whole business had been put behind him. Apparently, his mother didn't think so.

“I don't think I'll be doing any more of that, mom.”

“Henry...”, his mother began. She knelt down beside him and looked up into his eyes. “I was expecting this... I heard what you said earlier, about wanting to be natural and I agree with you. There's nothing wrong with that, it's healthy and I think that your conservative upbringing in this house has been a tad much. If you feel that you want to do this, then you shouldn't have let this morning's turn of events scare you off. My reaction wasn't completely rational and it was wrong to make such accusations of you.”

“Really Henry...” she continued, “if you want to try be more comfortable with yourself then ... please do it, Henry.”

She waited a few moments for her short speech to sink in. Henry sat there, staring at his mother looking up at him. Was he hearing right?

“So you mean...”, he paused.

“Yes, Henry. I think you should sleep naked tonight. You do want to be naked, right?”, she asked.

Henry sat in silence. This wasn't what he had anticipated - especially not after this morning. 

“I think...”, he stammered forth.

“Please Henry. The choice isn't mine, it's yours. Do you want to continue with what you were doing?”. He could see her almost pleading with him.

His answer came after a few moments of silence: “I ... suppose...”, was all he managed to say.

His mother's eyes lit up and she smiled. “Thank you”, was all she said. She got up, went to the door, said “good night” once again, and then left.

Henry, still somewhat in a state of shock, got up and closed the door behind her. He had just changed his mind, again, about sleeping naked. This morning he wanted to, this afternoon he didn't and now he, apparently, wanted to again. Suddenly feeling exhausted, he went to the bathroom to ready himself for bed.

Coming back to his room he carefully closed the door. Thinking about his latest conversation with his mother in which he promised her he would be naked, he carefully undressed, climbed into bed and pulled the sheet over his head. His mind replaying the day's events over and over, he eventually fell asleep.
