First there were the furtive glances we exchanged while I was on my daily morning walk. She was out by her car, and then turned around for a brief second as She walked toward her house. She saw me looking back, too.

Then there were the timorous waves, the shy smiles. It was two weeks of this before She was near enough for me to say hello. A few days later, my heart quickened when She greeted me with her characteristic bright smile and asked if I'd like to come in and have coffee. Of course I accepted. We talked while the coffee percolated.

She silently sat across the modest kitchen table after pouring coffee. Her long, almost-straight blonde hair was parted in the middle and nicely framed her face. Her slender build was solidly healthy.

She said her name was Karen, that She was thirty seven, and was taking time off between jobs. She smiled and held a spoonful of cream well above her coffee, and had it slowly drip into her cup. She giggled, then reached across the table and grasped my hand. "What are you thinking?"

I briefly imagined being in bed with her, front to front, my engorged member nestled inside her. Her full lips but an inch from mine, her excited eyes. It would not take long to come to a full spurting ejaculation in that situation.

"I can't help noticing you're very attractive," I stammered. "Don't you have guys constantly chasing you?"

"I'm very selective about the men I take to my bed," She unabashedly stated. "Most of them don't want to do what it takes to please me." She cocked her head to one side and looked penetratingly into my eyes. Karen was hot, without even trying. 

"How can that be?!" I exclaimed. 

She giggled. "For now, I'll just say that their ardor goes away soon after their release. I have some ideas on how to handle that with the next one that I let inside."

Her talk sent my cock into a firm erect state. I'm sure She must have known. Her teasing words fueled my imagination. "I'd like to know more," I said.

She looked at me for a long moment, trying to decide how much to tell me. Finally, She said, "Can you come back after dinner? We can have some cheesecake and I'll tell you more then."

I of course assented, and before I left, She drew near. I caught the scent of coffee on her lips just before she made contact. It was a sweet kiss, and I was on my way.

Karen was on my mind every minute for the rest of the day. While I didn't know what to expect when I went back to Karen's I had an idea that there would be discussion of sexual matters. After I cleaned up and before I went over that evening, I bought some coffee for her.

She looked seductively stunning when I saw her. A lightweight blouse that looked a size too small, white shorts, and barefoot. She served coffee and cheesecake, and her plans, whatever they were, began.

She again dripped cream into her cup in spurts while eyeing my reaction. I could not deny that I found the scene very erotic and stimulating. Then She scooped some cheesecake on her finger and spread it around her puckered lips. She leaned toward me and said, with her lips still puckered, "Lick it off."

I had never done any food play before. On her lips, the cheesecake looked irresistible. I pressed my lips on hers, and kissed and licked the white creamy substance. She giggled at my enthusiasm.

She took a sip of coffee, and we both finished our dessert in silence. My heart raced as I wanted to say something, but was at a loss for words. Finally She broke the silence.

"Have you ever ejaculated inside a woman and sucked her clean afterward?"

I again briefly imagined myself face to face with this woman on her bed, looking into her excited eyes, and feeling the forceful propulsion of spurts traverse my cock into her moist lubricated pussy. Coming back to the present, I stammered, "Uh, no, I haven't."

"Most women think it's gross when they first hear of it. Once they try it, though, they really enjoy it," She said. A short pause, and She continued. "Is it something you would consider?"
She reached over and grasped my hand.

"Is that what you meant when you said that men don't want to please you?" I asked. She nodded. The room was charged with sexual tension. 

Her eyes were bright and excited. I saw a slight smile on her face. My stomach fluttered.

"I - I want to," I whispered.

Still grasping my hand, She got up and led me to her bedroom. She stood passively and said, "Undress me."

My erection was obvious as it pressed against my pants. I unbuttoned her top and slipped it off. I ran my hands over her shoulders, arms, and front. Her nipples were stiff, and I gently kissed each one. Then I unsnapped her shorts and pulled them down to her ankles. She stepped out of them, and I did the same with her white panties.

"Karen," I whispered. Her hips seemed so inviting, with her disheveled blonde mound prominently commanding my attention.

"Take your clothes off," She said. In under a minute I had shed everything. She sat on the edge of her bed and spread her legs. The unspoken directive was clear, and I knelt before her and gingerly approached her blonde pussy. 

At first I gently kissed her glistening pussy lips. Then I licked and kissed more fervently, and she squirmed. Her natural scent aroused me further, and when her body shook with her orgasm, I lightened my touch.

I pulled back. My ardor was at a peak, and I really wanted in. Drops of pre-cum seeped from my cock. Karen got up on her bed and I followed.

"How do I know you'll follow through?" she asked while placing one hand in front of her pussy. I had heard of the post-ejaculation blues, and recalled her words about the ardor of her other suitors vanishing after their release.

"I really want to," I whispered. It was true. I could not imagine anyone not wanting to plant their mouth on her pussy and suck on it, even if it was filled with sperm. My arousal was so high I would have consented to anything for a chance to release my tension inside her.

Karen smiled. "I know you mean it. The others meant it too, but after their release they'd tell me they just couldn't do it." She looked at my anxious cock. A string of pre-cum hung down. 

She grasped my cock and milked some pre-cum onto her finger and brought it to my mouth. I sucked on her finger, which pleased her, and She appeared to relent a little.

"I'll try out my idea," She cryptically said, and lay back on her bed. She spread her legs enough to show her aroused pussy. "I want you to stay inside me for an hour before you cum," she continued. "You'll have to keep still, but you can pump enough to stay hard."

Her eyes gleamed teasingly. I knew it would be challenging to accede to her wishes. My cock was already anticipating quick thrusts followed by an ecstatic release of lust. I didn't know if I could last that long, but it would be fun to try.

I got between her legs and entered her. Her arousal made it easy. I got down on top of her and pumped a couple of times to settle inside her.

"Easy now," she panted, and placed her hands above her head.  She puckered her lips and I pressed in for kisses. My senses were almost overloaded with the sweet feeling of finally being inside her, front to front, tasting her kisses, feeling my chest against hers, and seeing her magnificent body.

I'm sure my rock hard member seeped profusely after as short a time as a minute or two. I knew I had to keep completely still inside her as long as my erection was firm, or I'd easily cross the line.

I gazed into her excited eyes; I kissed and licked her breasts; even her underarms were attractive, and she squirmed when I swiped my tongue inside them. I occasionally felt a pulse of cum involuntarily spurt from my cock when the erotic stimulation became especially intense. When the feeling at the base of my cock was that of impending ejaculation, I had to direct my attention away from Karen and the sensual feeling of contact with her.

After several minutes I felt I could give one or two pumps. I was careful, and took them slowly. Under the state of arousal, I felt like I'd been inside her for a long time. Karen dared not whisper endearments -- She knew my reaction might be to fall into the point of inevitability. Her excited smile and gleaming eyes brought me close to that point several times. A strong act of will on my part served to keep the feeling under control.

Fifteen minutes. It seemed like an eternity, so close to ejaculating, yet wanting to delay it, with my cock practically screaming at me to let it do what it wanted. I didn't know how much longer I could hold out. I had experimented a few times with edging practice, where the goal is to stay just under the point of no return. It had not been easy, and I had rarely stayed in the zone as long as I wanted.

I knew She wanted to say something. I made the slightest movement and felt another squirt spill into her.

"Karen," I panted, "I can't last much longer."

"Try, Rick. It feels so good. I love the way you fill me up."

I pressed my lips together. I was well familiar with the amount of stimulation where it is simply not possible to delay ejaculation any longer, and I was near that point, even when keeping completely still.

I hung on. Twenty minutes had passed since I first entered her. She wanted at least three times as long as I had lasted so far. Is it even possible, I wondered.

"Please," I implored aloud, not to her but to myself. I desperately wanted to give her the pleasure She wanted. A moment later I looked in her eyes and called her name. She knew I was truly at the end of my endurance.

She stirred under me. "Let's turn over," She said. As soon as She was on top of me She rocked her hips while keeping her pussy pressed firmly against me. The instant I crossed into ejaculation she kept us as still as she could, preventing my pumping as much as possible while enduring my frenzied twisting. I spurted uncontrollably inside her.

Afterward, my member was still steeped in the sweet feeling of having released, and Karen giggled.

"Are you ready?" She asked.

"Yes, Karen! Yes!"

She pulled back and quickly straddled my mouth. I felt the warmth of her pussy, the wetness of our sweat -- and the mixture of our juices at her entrance. With my mouth surrounding her opening, I brusquely swiped my tongue on her labia and got a fair amount of cream. 

Now she was the one aroused beyond words. Her eyes gleamed with anticipation as I hungrily scooped our blended juices while she vigorously rocked her hips. I swallowed a wad, and she crested into a raucous orgasm. I kept going after the pie, and she kept wiggling. After she had three climaxes and I could not get any more, she breathlessly lay down beside me, a satisfied smile on her face.

She giggled, and licked around my mouth. "My idea worked," she said. "By keeping you still when you squirted, you kept some of your arousal and motivation."

It was true. I was still aroused, and wanted to have unhampered intercourse with her.

She pulled me on top of her. "Now that you've done it, can you follow through when you've had more release?"

"Every time if you want to, Karen."

I entered her, and it was exquisite - as I probed her inner depths, I saw up close the various expressions of pleasure on her face, tasted her kisses, and gazed into her eyes. Eventually I blasted forth inside her, and kept thrusting until I slipped out. Then she spread her legs, and in the classic cunnilingus position I worked on extracting my sperm from her pussy.

I had to admit that my motivation was less than the first time, but having the first time's experience made it easier. I knew I could give her the pleasure She wanted without backing down.

I spent the night in her bed, during which we engaged in another frenzied sexual romp, followed by her sweet gasps of orgasm.

Karen likes to sit spread-legged on the ottoman, with her legs spread as wide as possible, with her hands on her hips as I kneel before her and pump my hard member in her pussy. She stays that way after my profuse squirting, and has several open-mouthed orgasms as I suck her pussy clean of my sperm.

Last week, Karen did something especially erotic. After I gave her an especially profuse load of sperm due to my having refrained for several days, she got a spoon and inserted it in her pussy. She scooped up a spoonful of semen and stirred it into her coffee.  Then as she sat at the table with her legs spread, I sucked out the rest of the combined juices. She had an intense orgasm from my attentions.

-----
This story is copyright 2008 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com). All rights reserved. No reposting without permission. Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
