Karma's A Bitch: Karma Strikes Back
by Viredae

Karma takes revenge on her sister.

Gym class had just ended, and the girls' shower room was abuzz with the usual post-class talk; girls were chatting and laughing as they got changed, all but one girl, Gretchen was still picking up the balls and putting them in the basket, Coach Redmond thought it built character for them to rotate the duty of cleaning up after everyone else, and by the time Gretchen put the ball cart away in the storeroom, nearly everyone had finished showering and getting dressed.

Thankfully, the next class was not about to start any time soon, so she had some time to get back to the locker room, shower, and make her way to the next class.

Gretchen almost felt like tiptoeing through the locker rooms on account of how quiet it was, she was now the only person in there, her own footsteps were the loudest thing she could hear.

Gretchen did not enjoy showering in the school, she was too self-conscious about her small breasts and flat bottom, she often showered at home when possible, but today was different.

Now that this place was so empty, Gretchen considered taking her time showering here; she'd be more refreshed during the following classes, which was something, and nobody was around to make her feel inadequate about herself so there was no need to hesitate.

Once finished, she wrapped the towel around her body tightly and walked out into the locker room, she squinted as she tried to input her combination into the lock... But it refused to open!

Try as she might, the lock wouldn't open, that's when Gretchen spotted a note sticking out of the locker door's vent:

Hi Greg,

Come to the boys' locker room if you want the combination and your clothes back.

Love,

Karma

It was her sister after all!

Gretchen was at least thankful that the two locker rooms were opposite each other in the hallway, meaning that since class was about to start, the coast should be clear and the place itself should be empty.

Gretchen opened the door to the locker room and peaked her head out, as she suspected, the hallway was empty, she quickly darted out and rushed towards the boy's room's door, she entered and slammed the door behind her.

Gretchen, still facing the door and leaning against it as if someone was threatening to burst in, took a deep breath in relief, but that relief was soon shattered as someone snapped the towel away from her body, leaving her naked as the day she was born.

Gretchen turned around only to see about a dozen boys laughing uproariously with Karma standing among them, the towel that was covering Gretchen's shivering body in her hand, as a response, the naked girl's hands darted to cover her exposed privates.

"So good to see you, Greg." Karma delivered her sister's nickname with disdain, and the boys around her burst into another round of laughter "put your hands down, you don't have anything we haven't seen before, you barely have anything."

The mean remarks about her body stung harshly, even harsher than having to expose herself to who, now that Gretchen got a good look at them, she recognized as the football team.

"Seeing how you saw fit to humiliate me at the public pool's changing room, I thought it only fair to repay the favor as closely as possible." Karma twirled the towel in her hand, the boys behind her whistled and cheered. "So if you want your clothes back, bend over against the wall and take your spanking, or leave here with nothing."

This was so unfair, it was Karma's own deeds that even started the whole mess, but Gretchen had no recourse, she did as her sister commanded and turned around.

And so, Karma began spanking Gretchen's scrawny and bare behind in front of half the football team.

Once done, Karma gave Gretchen the towel back and told her the combination, but informed her that this wasn't over, since Gretchen had embarrassed her twice.

Furious, Gretchen left the locker room and promptly got dressed, she thought this was the worst day of her life until Johnny, one of the boys from the team, came up to her and asked if she wanted to go with him to a movie.

*****

Gretchen Was pretty excited to be going out with Johnny, it was something she never expected.

Johnny was one of the most popular guys at school, a running back for the school's football team, he was equal parts athletic and handsome, so it came as a surprise when he asked her out to go watch a movie, as she wasn't exactly that well known outside of being Karma's sister, and that wasn't much of a badge of honor in her eyes.

She was shocked even more when he asked the worker at the ticket booth to provide them seats at the back of the theater; Gretchen knew how to say no, but she wasn't sure if she even wanted to say so, honestly, the idea of getting it on with one of the most popular kids in school was exciting to her even if it was his only intention.

And so it was that Gretchen found herself making out with Johnny in the back of a movie theater, one that was thankfully empty, in fact, there was only one person other than the two, someone sitting in the front of the hall long before the two had arrived.

The surprises did not stop, however, as while Gretchen was deep in the moment of making out with her date, she was jolted out of her stupor by someone grabbing her hand, yanking it away from Johnny and cuffing her wrist to the theater seat's cupholder, Gretchen gasped when she saw her sister, Karma, standing over her, as it so happened that she was the other person in there.

"Well well well, fancy meeting you here, Greg." Karma sneered at her bewildered sister, who was becoming more bewildered as she felt her other arm getting yanked and cuffed to the other cupholder, she turned around only to see that it was Johnny who betrayed her.

This was all an elaborate set-up by her evil sister!

"You think you can humiliate me and get away with it? I'll show you." the image of Karma's wrath was palpable, magnified by the scissors she held in her hands, Gretchen knew where this was going, her eyes widened as she witnessed her skirt get torn to shreds, the remains retrieved by Karma and thrown away, leaving Gretchen chained to her seat wearing nothing but a shirt (no bra, sadly) and her pink panties in front of Johnny.

"Wait, don't do this, please!" Gretchen pleaded with her sister, the mixture of fear and humiliation only serving to embolden Karma.

"Should have thought of that before you embarrassed me in front of everyone, twice!" The scissors didn't wait, they glided across Gretchen's shirt, slicing it into tiny pieces that were discarded immediately, and finally, Karma grabbed the panties by their band and violently stripped them off of her sister's modest hips.

"Stop! If you don't I'll scr-MMMpph!!!" Gretchen's attempts to intimidate her sister were silenced abruptly by the stuffing of her own panties into her mouth, Karma put away the scissors and pulled out a roll of office masking tape and secured the panties in their place, gagging Gretchen and preventing her from calling for help.

"There we go, now you're all set, how about we play a game?" Karma nodded at Johnny, who, to Gretchen's abject horror, began to unzip his pants and pull out his cock, and it was easily the biggest one she'd ever laid eyes on "Now don't worry, I won't let him have his way with you, but you will be having a race."

Gretchen heard a buzzing noise only seconds before pleasure shot through her body like electricity, Karma had produced a tiny vibrating remote egg and pressed it against her captive sister's clit, she then used the masking tape to keep it pressed against it.

"If you cum before Johnny does, not only will I let him cum wherever he wants on your body, but I'll also leave you here on your own, just the way you are now." Karma pulled out her phone and began recording her sister's mortifying ordeal as she sat down and began caressing her naked body with her other hand "Good luck!"

Johnny, not satisfied with the view in front of him, leaned in closer and placed his cock in Gretchen's hand, basically giving her the option to jerk him off as a little handicap to allow her to bring him closer to orgasm, despite her newfound disgust for Johnny, Gretchen did not miss the opportunity and began stroking Johnny's impressive shaft.

Gretchen did her best trying to resist the waves of pleasure assaulting her body, bringing her closer to climax, but she managed to do the impossible and pulled herself back from the edge just as she began to hear Johnny's groans, signalling his own approach to orgasm, she was about to win.

"Oh my, seems like Johnny can't hold it anymore, maybe I should have let him have his way with you, you seem like you might have enjoyed it, right sis?" Karma's hand wandered down Gretchen's naked body, arriving just above her pubic mound "You would have loved it, that big cock of his thrusting deep inside you!"

Karma's stuck one finger deep into Gretchen's wet pussy while her thumb pressed down hard against the egg taped to her clit, and that did it, Gretchen's body exploded with orgasm as she creamed the seat beneath her, she'd lost the race by a hair's breadth.

As he witnessed the poor girl's loss, Johnny stepped forward and ejaculated onto Gretchen's beet red face, leaving it a sticky mess as the two tormentors stepped back to admire their handiwork.

"Too bad, so sad, I guess we'll be leaving you here for my friend to find, I'll be taking little Johnny to receive his reward for being such a good boy." And with that, Karma blew a kiss towards her sister, dropped the keys to the cuffs along with the remote for the vibrateor on a faraway seat and left Gretchen still cuffed to the chair and being assaulted by the vibrating egg "hope he doesn't have too much fun with you, buh bye!"

And so Gretchen was left there naked and in painful, orgasmic agony for the duration of the movie, experiencing many orgasms all until a young man from the staff came over to let her loose, but not before copping a few feels and taking a picture as a souvenir as he chuckled to himself.

The young man was, at the very least, nice enough to give her his shirt, Gretchen begrudgingly took the shirt and fled from the scene as quickly as possible, opting to take the fire exit instead of the main door in embarrassment.

The shirt was, unfortunately, not long enough to cover Gretchen's panties from view, so even the run home was humiliating in its own right.

Once home, Gretchen ran up to her room and stripped herself of her sweat-soiled clothing and lay down naked in bed, but as soon as she did, she heard moans coming from the room next over, it was Karma's room and it seemed like she was giving Johnny his reward.

Biting her lip in frustration, Gretchen couldn't help but let her hand wander downwards, even though it was so sore from earlier, she still brought herself to another orgasm as tears streamed down her face.
