The Amazing Nature Girl!
by Libby

Mona will not even let me post clothed pictures on this site for fear some whacko will stalk me. We have visited naturist parks a couple of time and I would like to do so more often.
       I am a "naturist," and because we have a large amount of private land I manage to spend a pretty fair amount of my time undressed. But I don't actually do it in front of too many people. Mostly it is just around Mona and our close friends. We've been to naturist resorts a few times, but Mona isn't too comfortable with it -- but I keep working at her.
       One of my favorite things about being nude is just the simple act of going outside in the morning with my tea and sitting in my favorite outdoor chair, and finding it wet with dew or last night's rainfall, and just sitting down in it, wet on my bare skin. And when I get up my skin is wet, but so what? It's a small thing, but yet also an intrinsic part of living freely.

       Being nude is just something I've always felt this compulsion to do. Even as kid I remember the thrill of making a mad dash through the house before my bath. I have older sisters and my father died when I was two so I never knew him. Growing up, I was the youngest in a one-bathroom house full of females so it was pretty common to see one another naked. You were only allowed to lock the bathroom door if you were pooping. Mere peeing did not warrant privacy, and if you were taking a bath, well, you might as well leave the door standing open because others would be in and out.

       For my sisters, being naked was just a routine thing you did at certain practical times, mostly in the bathroom (though they did sunbathe out on back porch roof), but for me it was a little thrill and I was always ready to take the opportunity to do it. Like before or after my bath, not just when I was little but at 14 or so, I would find some excuse to saunter downstairs looking for a magazine to read in the tub or whatever. And if I could get myself distracted in conversation and stay downstairs naked for a while -- oooh that was fun. They could tell I did that on purpose, of course, and my sisters would call me Lady Godiva and they would give me teasing compliments about my budding little boobs (which never got a whole lot more than "budding" as it turned out). And I totally ate that up.

       We lived in a small town in northern Ohio near Akron and even though it was just a regular city lot with other houses around we did have a little bit of outdoor privacy. Our house was at the top of a hill and the way the garage, fence and trees were situated, one could step out the back door and into the yard without anyone seeing. Now and then I'd be the only one home and I'd go outside naked just to feel it. I remember one such day when it was summer and drizzly rainy and I stood in the misty rain letting my skin get wet and I rode my bike in circles in the driveway, naked in the sprinkling rain. I wanted SO badly to just pedal down the driveway and down the street to the park, and that image is the first thing I remember fantasizing about later on in my room as I discovered what happens when you rub that little bump between your legs. Mom had told me all about my vagina and my ovaries and of course my period, but while she did mention the role of the clitoris, she really didn't do it justice. Zowee. I wanted to go ask my sisters, "do you know about this? Do you realize what this DOES??" But I figured they probably did and I didn't want to admit what I was doing with mine. It was a while before I masturbated all the way to climax and there was a period of time in which all I did was get myself excruciatingly horny and then find an excuse to go downstairs naked.

       I had to be careful not to do that when my sisters' boyfriends were over, but if they just had girlfriends over I could get away with it and in fact it was even better because the teasing would be intensified and some pretty girl older than me would be watching me with teasing eyes as I pretended it was normal and got a coke out of the fridge or something. Of course I had no idea I was gay yet but I knew this was a thrill and a half, and it was right after one such experience that I pressed my button long enough to come and I remember laying there sweating on my bed looking at the ceiling in the dark and thinking, "life is going to be fun."

       As I got a little older I didn't do that quite as much. For one thing there were boyfriends constantly in the house, but also I think I got self-conscious about what my feelings meant, etc. I had boyfriends too and I enjoyed the kissing and getting my boobs fondled. I let a couple boys get their fingers in me, but that's as far as I let them go. I enjoyed having boys get turned on by my body, but I was satisfied with that. They weren't, of course, but that was just too bad for them.

My best friend had rather large boobs and I adored them. We touched each others' breasts a few times, but always "pretending" in some way, like here's how my boyfriend feels me and here's how I'm trying to get him to feel me. She'd stay over at my house and we'd lounge on my bed in just our panties and I wanted her SO bad. I've told her that in recent years and she laughed and said she'd have probably gone for it if I'd suggested it. She's str8 and I'm amazed at how many str8 women fooled around with their girlfriends growing up. Where was I when all this was going on?? I didn't get the memo on that!


College

       In college I was in an all-girl dorm my first year and I would stroll naked down the hallway to the bathroom acting so casual, and accepting any opportunity to stop and chat with someone. That's how I met my first girlfriend, Kelly. We had two or three hallway conversations like that and then about the third time she said oh I have a copy of that book you said you need -- c'mon down to my room. So we walked wayyyy down the the other end of the dorm to her room and gosh darn she just couldn't find that book, but would I care for some wine? We sat around drinking wine and listening to music and I was thinking oh this is so cool and sophisticated, I'm just naked here and it's just normal.
       And then we were dancing there in her room, me so so naked and seeing myself in the mirror and getting silly drunk on a single glass of wine. And then. Slow music. As if it were the most normal thing in the world (which come to think of it, it is) she took off her clothes and stepped close to me and we began to slow dance, skin touching skin and her hands going up and down my bare back and resting now and then on my bottom.

       Well, I won't go on with all the sweet, sexy details but we made love in her bed, my first time.

       Throughout college and afterwards I sometimes went nude a lot and sometimes didn't. It sort of depended on what was happening in my head and what my friends were like. Part of that time I was roomies with two str8 chicks who both had boyfriends, so I was not in the habit of being nude there cuz even if no guys were present at the moment you never knew when one of them would just barge in without knocking. Then there was a period of time when I was a little out of control as my manic periods were getting worse and I was not yet diagnosed with bipolar. If you have ever experienced clinical mania it is a lot like being on great drugs -- you feel euphoric and way too self-confident, plus you don't think about consequences. So there were a few times during this period when my natural desire to be nude in public places did not get restrained by common sense (not that I have a lot of common sense even at my best).

       I have lost touch with Kyle and JT, a butchy lez couple from those days (e-mail me if you are reading this girlz!), but they were some wild chicks and they got a kick out of pushing me over the edge, which was easy to do in those days. I can remember removing all my clothes in their car as we were driving on the highway in the middle of the night and throwing them out the sunroof. I can remember sitting with them in a very dark smokey bar in a booth in a corner and they talked me completely out of my clothes. No one could see me back there in the dark and my long hair covered most of what showed above the table. But Kyle put my clothes in her backpack and then suddenly they both said "well let's go" and jumped up and headed for the door. I ran after them past everyone and out into the street where it was still blazingly daylight and they ran to the car and made me run after them and when I caught up with me they locked me out of the car and pretended to drive away.

       It sounds funny now -- and in fact it was pretty funny then -- but I was actually pretty nuts right then and looking back on it I see it like a movie as if it was someone else and not me. This was right at the beginning of an emotional meltdown that finally led me to see a shrink and get diagnosed with bipolar. The nudie episodes themesleves were not a big deal -- tho I did take some risks and I'm lucky I never got arrested or raped in a few of those situations.


Mona

       By the time I was with Mona I was fairly sane. I've written elsewhere how we met, but once she and I got together we discovered that one thing we really really have in common is that we both adore having me be naked.
       With Mona I have always known I am safe. She can handle anything, and unlike people like Kyle & Jet, she is always looking out for my welfare. With other people I'd been involved with getting naked was certainly appreciated, but it was generally taken as a prelude to sex -- you get naked, smooch, rub each others parts, have orgasms ... and put your clothes back on. That's a fine thing, as far as it goes, but there's not enough naked time in that scenario to suit me.

       As Mona became aware of my proclivity she reacted in what I considered the perfect way. If I was dressed she'd tsk and say "why are you dressed? Go take those clothes off right now." I'm a submissive by nature (though I don't use that word when speaking to non-lesbians because they don't understand and think it means doormat), and I enjoy it when she TELLS me to be nude. And she does it not just so we can have sex, though we generally do sooner or later, but also for its own sake.

       And it's not just for sexual play either. I like to be nude even when I'm home alone, especially when I can bee outdoors working in my gardens or sunning or playing frisbee with my dogs. That's the naturist part -- just grooving in your natural state out in nature!

       When we bought this house two years or so ago Mona told the realtor we wanted several acres of private land, but in a reasonably safe and secure setting -- like not smack up against a state forest where hunters might come tromping through. We know our neighbors but we can't see them, especially when the leaves are full, except one house and that's the one that our friends Jayne and Margot bought last year and are fixing up. And of course I've got my dogs, so I feel safe.