Dare to be stupid

Hi folks. Sorry for not being around much lately. Thanks so much for the support and continued postings. The stories are great! Here's a good one I found on the web recently. Hope you like it. 

Dare to be stupid 
submitted by: Kat 

Me and my friend Jennie had this thing that we used to do. Every week one of us got to dare the other one to do almost anything. After a couple of weeks it almost every time was about being naked in some form, with the risk of someone seeing. 

We were in the 10th grade and my friend dared me to walk at least 20 steps naked anywhere in school and then walk back. I chose to do so when we had our science class because it wouldn't be any people in the hall then. I picked a spot in the basement floor where the girls toilet were. 

I told my teacher I had to go to the bathroom and when I was outside I waited for my friend to come too. 

We went down to the toilet area and I locked the door. I was wearing a sun dress so I pulled the dress up and off, then my bra and the slipped out of my knickers leaving all my clothes in a pile on the floor. Now I was completely naked. It was kind of thrilling being nude at school! I went out and walked 20 steps away from the door and when I was almost done I heard someone coming down the stairs. The steps came closer and closer so I panicked. Now I had the stair case between myself and the toilet door so I hid under the stairs along with my friends who was nearly bursting out in laughter at my predicament. Then I heard someone close the door to the bathroom and my heart froze. My clothes were still in there! 

When I finally heard the door open I waited for the one who was in there to go and then went back to get my clothes back, but they were gone!!! I started to freak out and my friend was laughing but at the same time feeling sorry for me. She went up to get my clothes back and I locked myself in the bathroom standing there butt naked with nothing to cover up with. I was really freaking now. What was I going to do totally naked?!? She took quite a while to come back, but then I heard a knock on the door. I opened to see another girl from my class waiting outside. Obviously she were tired of waiting for the one who had occupied the toilet. I freaked out, covered myself and just shut the door quickly. I know she saw me though! 

When my friend finally came back she told me she'd found my dress in the lost and found bin outside the janitors supply room, but my undies were not there! What the hell is that all about? Is the janitor a perv or what?? So I quickly put my dress back on with NO underwear or bra on and rushed back to class. My naked boobs, nipples sticking out and all, were quite visible under my dress so I was pretty embarrassed trying to cover them anyway I could. After class I walked around with my books in front of my chest. 

When we got back the class was almost over and I found out the girl who saw me had told everyone what she had seen! 

Worse of all Jennie decided to embarrass me further by telling someone that I wasn't wearing any knickers either! Word got out fast (of course) and the next period when I was in the hall at my locker another girl in my class (that I hate) came up behind me and lifted my dress up to my stomach right in front of everyone and then hugged me around the waist!! She totally exposed me from the waist down to everyone on the hall! I heard a big roar from everyone who saw as I kicked wildly and slapped her arms away. Everyone was laughing and applauding the nice show they had jsut seen. I was so humiliated I ran out and left school cutting class for the rest of the day. 

The next day when I returned I got called into the principles office and had to explain why I cut school. They knew about my no underwear choice too so I had to explain to them why and why I left. For the rest of the year I got a lot of nicknames! I swear I’ll get Jennie back for this!