Pyaasi Choot-4

By: Reena


Author holds the copyright for this story. This story may not be
transmitted to the public by any means such as posting to the Internet
or to newsgroups, and may not be altered in any way without author's
expressed written permission. Author can be contacted at
reena_kanwar2002@yahoo.co.in"

After that, both of them relaxed. They lit cigarettes and Vibha also
poured whisky in two glasses. "saalA paani khatam ho gayA whisky ke
liye. mai.n bahAr se lekar aati hoo.n." Vibha said and got up to go out.
"arey na.ngi hi bahAr jaayegi kyA? kuch pahen ke tau jaa. koi dekh legA
tau" Reena said. 'koi baat nahin Reena, school mei.n koi bhi nahi.n
hai.agar kissi ne dekh bhi liyA tau usse bhi chodenge." Vibha said with
a wink. Reena saw Vibha's wobbling gaanD as she teetered out in
spike-heeled sandals. She was back in a couple of minutes and they both
sat drinking and smoking. "Vibha teri choot tau malAi jaisy hai.aur
choot kA paani tau bilkool amrit hai.." Reena said with a sigh. "teri
choot kA paani tau is whisky se bhi jyaadA nashilA hai" Vibha said, "aur
teri gaanD bhi bahut delicious hai." Both of them were quite drunk and
again becoming horny, as they talked dirty. "aaj pehli baar mai.ney
lesbian experience kiya hai.par such Vibha darling, mazaa aa gayA."
Reena chuckled, "meri choot tau phir sey khujlAne lagi hai".

Vibha pushed Reena gently backward with one hand and casually slipped
her other hand between Reena's thighs. Her fingers parted Reena's choot
and gently began to stroke the soft, moist skin of her choot. "Oh, Vibha
... oh ... haa.n, uunnh," Reena sighed, unable to control the passion
that Vibha's skillful fingers were stirring in her cunt. She could feel
her juices beginning to flow and her clit begin to swell from Vibha's
wonderful stroking. There was a sudden sound at the door of the office
and the two women looked and Reena cried out. The security guard of the
school, Javed Khan, was standing there in the doorway. Javed looked at
the two women lying naked on the floor. He was totally confused. In
fact, he had heard some sounds from Principal's office and he came there
to check. Before that day, Vibha always used to inform Javed when she
stayed back for some work after regular school hours.

Vibha had forgot to inform him today and also to lock the door after she
got water for their drinks 15-20 minutes back. Javed was 28 years old
pathaan and married with 3 kids. He was well built with athletic body.
Reena was shocked and dismayed but Vibha was calm. "koi baat nahi.n, ab
tu andar aa hi gayA hai tau tu bhi hamAre saath aish kar le" Vibha
vinked at him and Reena. Reena was really stunned at her boldness, but
the whisky and the erotic atmosphere combined to weaken her to the point
of yielding. "terA lunD tau hame.n na.ngi dekh kar khaDa ho hi gayA
hogA" Vibha said lustfully, looking at his crotch. Javed couldn't
believe his luck. Without delay, he stripped his clothes. His lund
dangled like huge salami halfway down to his knees. It was at least nine
inches long. His balls were huge, like two hen's eggs hanging in a pink
sac. Reena was now grinning from ear to ear. Javed's lund was straight
up in the air. Reena looked at his cock and sat there with her mouth
open and said, "hey bhagwaan..." She reached over and put her hand on
his lund, she could not reach all the way around it, and said, "mai.ne
pahle kabhi itnA baDA lavDA nahi.n dekhA." "saali, tu dekhti bhi kaise..
17-18 saal ke chokro.n ke lunD hi tau khAye hain abhi tak teri choot
ne... aaj tujhe asli lunD ka mazaa milega" Vibha said mockingly. They
started giggling and stroking him and all he could do was just sit back
with his eyes closed and let them have their way. Vibha soon got down
between his legs and put both hands around his cock and looked up at him
with those beautiful eyes, and gave it a lick all the way up and down to
the base then moaned, "Mmmmm kitnA achhA swaad hai... tu bhi try kar
Reena." Reena got down beside Vibha and lick the head a little. Then,
they started taking turns sucking him off and jerking him too.

Javed placed his hands on their heads and was rubbing their hair. They
couldn't get him all in their mouths, but they tried. They took turns
sucking and stroking then they kissed each other and licked and sucked
him some more. "Oh, kitnA sundar hai.aur tagDA bhi.!" Reena gasped, her
wet tongue swirling out and stroking the livid thumping pole feverishly.
Meanwhile, Vibha's rapid hands were all over Reena's body, squeezing and
clasping and stroking her warm silky flesh, dipping to her crotch and
finding the dripping folds of her wet open choot. Reena sucked the head
of Javed's gigantic lund into her mouth and dove on it crazily,
squeezing and pumping the fat bulging stalk of flesh with her hands. She
moaned and hissed deliriously as Vibha's fingers slid up into her
flowing cunt. Reena slurped the gargantuan stiff lavDA, bathing it in
warm spittle and sucking the pulsing, ballooning head of it deep into
her throat.

And Javed obliged Reena by stuffing her mouth with it, pushing down on
her bobbing head with his strong hands and fucking up vigorously into
her throat. The tempest of fuck hunger that was engulfing the three grew
more urgent, more heated and violent. Vibha tugged Reena's trembling
body back onto the floor, moaning and cooing with lust as her mouth
found Reena's big pointed red nipples and devoured them. Reena was
forced to release Javed's throbbing, twitching wet cock from her mouth
as she tumbled and squirmed backwards onto the floor. But her creamy
white thighs splayed apart, and she gazed passionately at his fierce
lund, begging with him, pleading. "Ohhh, ab rahA nahi.n jaatA, ghuseD do
apnA lavDA meri choot mei.n, pleeease, pleeease bahut aag lagi hai is
choot mei.n.bhosDA bana do iskA apne lavDe se.jaldi sey ghuseDo."
Slipping an arm beneath each of Reena's knees, Javed locked her long
legs in his arms and swooped them upward, pinning her thighs back
against her shoulders and completely baring the long wet seam of her crotch.

He leaned over her that way, his twitching cock bobbing only inches from
the slick open blossom of her runny choot, and smiled, and put his
fingers on her tight nipples, pulling and softly pinching them. Vibha
slithered down Reena's body to her thighs, to her ass, kneading Reena's
uptilted taut buttocks with her hands, kissing Reena's ass everywhere
and rubbing the knuckle of her forefinger against Reena's tight
pinched-shut rectum. Reena stared up into Javed's lust-torn face, her
eyes wide and shiny, with crackling excitement, and she gasped and
whimpered, "Ohhhh, yeh tau meri choot phAD DAlega, is tarah nahi.n.bahut
baDA hai! Oh please, oh please ... unnnnn!" She shut her eyes and
gritted her teeth as she felt him lower his hips and place the flaring
head of his long thick prick in the puffy, wet, inflamed outer lips of
her cunt. Her body tensed, she stopped breathing, and then cried out.
"AAGGNNNNHHIEEEE!" she howled. Javed had unleashed the full force of his
strength and driven his massive cock down to the very bottom of her
spasming channel in one violent forward plunge. Pinning her knees back
against her shoulders and bending her body double, Javed rode Reena's
ass up off the floor and pumped sharp rapid jabs of raging lund into
her, and she wriggled the smooth taut moons of her buttocks and squealed
and bucked up into his thrust.

Vibha managed to slip her hand between Javed's heavy, dangling balls and
Reena's ass, and she inserted her finger into Reena's rectum. Reena
whooped and coughed with surprise. "Ohh! Ooooonnnhh!" The sounds Reena
made in her sweet torment seemed to whip Vibha's lust to a higher pitch,
and she swarmed against the jouncing, thrashing, whinnying pair, sinking
her teeth into the flesh of Reena's white flexing thigh, stabbing her
finger in and out of Reena's asshole, finding her way with the other
hand through twisted legs and arms to Reena's breasts and finger-raping
Reena's stiff flaring nipples. The sight and the sounds of the
blistering, yowling, squirming fuck-storm that had engulfed Javed and
Reena had worked the magic on Vibha. She swarmed with savage passion
over whatever parts of Reena's thrashing body she could reach with her
hands and mouth, raping Reena's anus with her long finger, and biting
the Reena's up tilted squirmy buttocks with her sharp teeth, humming and
moaning wildly.

Javed drilled the Reena's choot so viciously that she was simply
shattered by the mad explosion of her climax, which ripped and tore
through her wincing, screaming body like a thousand bolts of hot
lightning. "AAIIIEEEEEENNNNGGGG!" she wailed, wracked with joyful spasms
that threatened to squeeze the very life out of her fuck-flayed,
doubled-up body. Vibha felt her own body pulsing and shivering with
excitement, felt the sparks of desire speeding through her hot blood.
Vibha somehow knew that Javed was not coming along with Reena. Javed had
not surrendered his seed. He turned Reena over and positioned her on her
hands and knees. Reena felt him rise up behind her, felt him part her
buttocks again with his hands, felt the thick gristly stalk of his hug
erect penis swing up and down in the moist crack of her ass.

It would never fit; she knew it would never fit into the tight passage.
She felt his massive prick wedged between the cheeks of her ass, riding
up and down, bursting and throbbing with insane power, and again she
gulped with terror. "Ohhh nahin.please.meri gaanD phaT jaayegi.itna baDA
lunD meri gaanD mei.n nahi.n samAyegA..mar jaaoongi mai.n.." Reena
looked back over her shoulder scared at Vibha. Although she have had her
ass fucked so many times before, but Javed's cock was a monster,
incredibly thick. "Just relax Reena, tujhe mazaa aayegA, merA vishvAs
kar." Vibha spread open Reena's ass cheeks, licked up through her crack
pausing on her anus to get it good and wet. Then she fingered Reena's
asshole probing inside with one, then two fingers to get her used to
being penetrated up the ass. Once Vibha felt Reena relax, she spread her
asscheeks wide apart holding them open for Javed. Reena held her breath
as he lodged the huge bulb of his prick's head in the small mouth of her
rectum, holding her buttocks apart with his hands, inching his cock into
her. While he started pushing in, Vibha began fingering Reena's cunt.

He strove and pushed and grunted, but it would not go in. Reena began to
shake with sharp continuous tremors, shivers that seized every inch of
her flesh and shook her, and shook her, so that she could do nothing but
moan for him to do it, to do it quick. She implored him, she begged him,
going suddenly giddy and maniacal with fear and joyful anticipation.
"jaldi kar madarchod..ab ghuseDtA kyo.n nahi.n apnA lunD meri gaanD
mei.n.." His thumbs dug even more fiercely into the edges of her
pinched-shut rectum, which flamed with razory spasms of pain, and he
lunged up and forward, and she felt the head of his cock slide into her
ass. "AAGGGHHIIIEEEE!" she howled suddenly. "OHHH! OWWWWCH! UNNNGH OW
OWWCH! ANNGGGHH!" Reena felt like her asshole had surely ripped open,
but it somehow it managed to stretch apart to accommodate Javed's huge
cock. Her anal hole hugged the fat bulging head of his huge tool as it
passed into her rear hole. Vibha could see the tears roll down Reena's
cheeks from the pain, but she held back screaming any more.

Her anus was stretched open incredibly wide. Javed pushed in deeper,
forcing his thick meat through Reena's asshole and up inside her tiny
rectum. Reena was breathing heavy almost in a panic as the thick log
between Javed's legs disappeared deeper and deeper inside Reena's
precious little ass. "Oh!!! bahut baDA hai,..... ahhhhh!!!!..." "yeh....
ba..h. uuuu t. ba..DA.. hai.!!!" ahhhh!!!!!... dukhtA hai.........."
Reena had his cock stuffed in her, buried in her ass and it was hurting.
Vibha fingered harder pushing her fingers deep inside Reena's cunt. That
seemed to work pretty well. Reena was getting turned on, which gave
Javed a chance to start pumping her super tight asshole. She coughed and
choked with helpless delight through the shocks of molten pain-pleasure
that jolted her, that tore at her every pulsing nerve, as his fiendishly
huge cock slid deeper and deeper into her asshole, lubricated by the
greasy jelly and powered by the firm passionate thrust of his hips.
Reena felt every hidden nerve in her body flutter and spurt and pop and
burst again and again. Tense with the agony of pain-pleasure that came
from being completely impaled in the ass by the merciless slicing sword
of this chowkidaar's beautiful stupendous prick, she squirmed into the
floor, grunting mindlessly with lust and impatience, lifting her ass to
him, wanting him to ravish her brutally.

Some part of her brain knew he had gone briefly crazy, but it was okay
with her, she wanted more, and more! Javed had embedded his fantastic
prick deep within her and now lay slumped on her naked back, his teeth
roaming and nipping the flesh of her coppery shoulders as he enjoyed the
intensity of pleasure that came from her tight ass muscles pinching his
burning shaft. But Reena was delirious with impatience. She tilted her
ass up to him, begged him in incoherent gasps and pleasure. "jor se,
gaanDu, aur jor se! Unngghhhh! Oh bahut mazaa aa rahA hai..! kyA huA
gaanDu, kyA tu ... unh oh! kyA tu aur jor se gaanD nahi.n maar saktA?
maar le meri gaanD! Ohhh phaD Daal meri gaanD!" she shrieked, imploring
him, egging him on, bucking her hips back into him, her whole twitching
body washed with flashing heat as she felt the huge monster that was
sunk in her. And whether it was her words or the frantic undulations of
her pelvis that whipped him into frenzy, Javed suddenly began to give
her what she wanted.

He reared up behind her, pulling his prick out to the edge of her anus,
grasping her thighs with his strong steady hands, and plunged it into
her so brutally that she squealed with shock and joy, thrashing and
squirming so wildly that the bonds on her wrists and ankles bit into her
skin. Again he slammed his cruel, piercing, punishing cock into her, and
again, and again! "Unh! Unh!" she grunted as his cock drove into her,
rearing and surging into the spasming depths of her belly. His hard
lower belly slammed and slapped into her jouncing, quivering buttocks as
he hammered his ass-splitting prick deeply into her, and she thrusted
back and up into him with her shuddering hips, taking the full piercing
penetration of his brutal shaft, pinching it and wrenching it with her
ass muscles, driving him crazier still. Already she was coming, she felt
the hot arrowing rockets of honey fire squirting through her, but it was
only the beginning, the first popping explosions of the holocaust she
could sense was coming. "UNNHH! UNNHH! AAGGGHHNNNIIIEEE!" she screeched.
"UNNNNEEEE!" She was shrieking and cawing mindlessly with agony, she
nevertheless swooped her ass up again and again to the pounding,
hammering, relentless penetration of his amazingly stiff and tireless cock.

She dug her elbows and her knees into the carpet and tilted her ass up
to him, swirling it in small circles, twitching it back into his
plunging tool grunting as he slammed forward and crammed her asshole
with it. Vibha could almost feel the fiery, stabbing, piercing tip of
the immense steel-hard penis digging unbelievably deep up into her own
belly, and she whimpered in sympathy and envy as she saw Javed pull it
halfway out and slam it home again, bringing new shrieks and squeals of
insane delight from Reena's cawing throat. Wheezing and groaning, her
body taut as a stretched wire and burning everywhere with a torment of
honey fire, Reena could not tell where the blazing, whooping rockets of
her pain fled and melted into the stupendous red-and-purple manias of
the violent killing paroxysms of her growing, expanding bombshell
orgasms. She came and came, and still the fiery cluster of nerves in the
clenching ring of her splitting rectum spurted with hotter and hotter
flames.

Suddenly she felt his massive plunging penis grow even bigger inside of
her. She felt it swell and elongate and grow harder still, harder than
rock, harder than steel. She thought she had taken as much as she could,
as much as anybody could, but now she had to take even more as he
swarmed over her back, sinking his teeth savagely into the flesh of her
shoulders, clawing her breasts with his hands, and lifting the lower
part of her shuddering body off the floor completely with each brutal
piercing lunge of his cock. Now instead of ploughing and probing her
with it, however fiercely, he was drilling her, sinking the huge shaft
so far into her ass that she feared he would actually tear her apart.
Javed bit her shoulder cruelly, and she screeched, throbbing and
twisting and thrashing with now blinding bursts of coming. "AAGGIIIEEE!
OOOOWWWCHH! OHHHH GOD! ANNGGGG! UNN! OH SHIT UNNHH!" Reena cried. But
even now, as she knew he was only a second away from coming, she felt
the power of the climax that had been building in her. He roared and
ripped into her, and she dissolved, her body flying to pieces in pulsing
tornadoes of pulverizing spasms.

They seized her and wrenched her, and bled and pummeled and stomped and
squeezed every last crashing throbbing pulsation of pleasure out of her
flesh. Reena was nothing but a shuddering, gagging mass of joy-burning
flesh under him as she felt the long ass-murdering rocket of his prick
explode deep within her, squirting hot strings of jism into her, the
wild animalistic cries tearing themselves out of his throat as Javed
crushed her beneath him and pumped his endless fiery gobs of seed deep
into her ass. Locked together in the immense holocaust of the fuck-storm
they had created, they quivered and shuddered, and groaned and gasped,
dying through the violent beauty of the incredible spasms that tore
through them. Time was obliterated, and it seemed to Reena that the
huge, shattering bomb of their mutual orgasm kept on exploding forever.
Stream after stream of cum flooded her tiny rectum. When Reena
eventually felt the throbbing stop and the hot spurting subside, Javed
withdrew from her stretched asshole, leaving her moaning.

Seeing Reena kneeling there with her anal hole still spread open and
knowing that just inside that hole was a big pool of fresh cum. Vibha
moved over to Reena's behind and licked her just fucked asshole feeling
on her tongue the slimy cum residue that coated Reena's anal opening.
Vibha spread Reena's ass-cheeks further apart forcing them open wide and
stretching her anus. Vibha tongued Reena's asshole more, smearing the
sperm around her ass-crack using her lips and face. The nasty slut
within Vibha was now emerging. Her lust and frenzy for cum brought out
her filthy whore side. With her face still buried between Reena's
ass-cheeks, Vibha placed her lips onto Reena's stretched open asshole,
grabbed her around the waist and pulled her down onto the floor until
Reena was seated on Vibha's face. Then Vibha started sucking, sucking
hard on Reena's anal opening. Reena was going wild with the incredible
feeling of her asshole getting sucked and rimmed. Vibha pushed Reena off
her face.

She sat up looking at Reena and Javed. Her lips glistened with white
sperm and some brown slime running down her chin. Her face was a mess
covered with Javed's spunk and some sticky slimy filth that she sucked
from inside of Reena's ass. But Vibha merely sat there tasting the nasty
sticky stuff she extracted from Reena's behind. She ate everything that
she sucked out, swallowing several times to get the entire residue
clinging to the inside of her mouth. "kaisi raanD hai tu," Reena
exclaimed. "jarrA dekh apne cheherey ko". Reena moved forward and kissed
Vibha on her face. Reena licked Vibha's lips, and used her fingers to
remove the sticky scum dripping from her face, pushing it into her own
mouth to eat that too.


* Tell us how you liked this story* *( 1 is worst - 5 is best)*

* * *

				
*1* 	*2* 	*3* 	*4* 	*5*

*
Story viewed: *27643* times
Find more submissions from this author, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/search.php?id=1592>
Tell a friend about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/send_page.php?id=1592>
Post/Read comments about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/comments.html?id=1592>

