A CURE FOR KLEPTOMANIA

BY MAX SMART

Part 11

Wherein Jenny's inspection continues, some corrective measures
are applied, Jenny goes riding and gets to demonstrate her upper
body strength.

I was next in Jenny's reception line. The poor naked girl stood
before me, tears of humiliation and shame streaming down her
face. From a close viewpoint I could see that the youngster's
clitoris had received more than its fair share of attention from
the riding crop, since most of the harder blows had been applied
from the rear and thus the tip of the crop had visited this
tender nub most harshly. It was quite a dark red and was clear a
bit inflamed and swollen, along with the pussy lips just adjacent
to it. I probed it gently with my forefinger and induced some
pitiful little squeals of pain from the delectable young strumpet
in front of me.

"A bit tender here, eh, Jenny?"

"Y-yes, Aunt Marge."

I paused a second to enjoy the miserably embarrassed look on
Jenny's tear- stained face, and then I said, "What a pretty
little puss you've got, Jenny, and a pretty plump one too. Don't
you think it looks better without all that hair? I think Uncle
Dave and Timmy do. But you know, I think it could stand a little
color, though and I think that young Timmy here might be able to
arrange that."

"Ohhh, Aunt Marge, how could you!! Please, don't let himp-punish
me t-there anymore!" Jenny blubbered.

"Now, Jenny, I understand your concern. It's a tender little
spot, and, believe me, I'm glad it's not me in your position. But
if you just try and take the longer view, you'll realize that
this is all for your benefit. We're all working together to cure
you of your kleptomania."

"But.b-but.I'm c-cured now! I'll never steal anything ever
again! I've had enough punishment. O-orc-can't you punish my
bottom some more instead. Oh, please!"

"Don't worry, Jenny. You've still got your demerits to work off,
so I think your bottom's going to be getting back into the action
again in a couple of days. But for todaywellyou'll just have to
grin and bear it, I guess." As I affectionately patted the pussy
that was so conveniently and hairlessly presented. I continued,
"Well, darling, tonight is really between you and your young
cousin. Timmy, the show is all yours."

"Ohhhh, please, no more! It REALLY hurts. You'll hurt me too
much!"

I spoke up, "Don't you worry, Jenny, we know what we're doing and
we're not about to hurt you too much' as you say. Yes, it's
true that you must feel some discomfort, but please be assured
that it's all for your own good and that you'll be as good as new
in a just a few days after we're finished with you."

This didn't seem to comfort the poor lovely teenager very much
and she wrung her hands in fearful anticipation. She certainly
looked especially cute, all naked as she was, and sporting her
new, shaved, "little girl" look. Her plump pussy with its rosy
glow looked positively scrumptious.

Jenny was clearly VERY reluctant to comply with the next order
from Timmy, which was to display herself in front of Uncle Dave.

"Ohhh, n-no, please" she hesitated, unconsciously covering her
big breasts and rosy pussy as she looked at Uncle Dave's stern
visage. Her shyness and embarrassment seemed to have shot up to a
new level. She was clearly VERY reluctant to have Uncle Dave
getting an eyeful. Unfortunately for her, that was just what he
was about to get.

"Jenny!" yelled Timmy, and the poor girl quickly hopped over to
where Dave was sitting. However, she was still covering up.

"Hands at your sides!" Timmy ordered.

With the most mournful of whimpers, Jenny slowly moved her
trembling hands to her sides, unveiling her private charms to the
eyes of her uncle. Dave motioned her to come around to the side
of his easy chair so that he could more easily peer at her bare
pussy.

"Hmmm," he said, "It IS getting a nice healthy color. Is it nice
and warm? Let's see" and he reached out and began lightly caress
the front of her slit. It was all Jenny could do to hold still
during this, and her tears and sobs started anew. "Yes, Timmy's
attentions seem to have added a healthy warmth as well as a
healthy flush, but I'm glad to see that you aren't getting turned
on by any of this, Jenny. You seem quite dry. I must say, Jenny,
that Timmy did a great job on your shave, don't you think?" Dave
said as he continued remorselessly to caress and squeeze poor
Jenny's tender pussy.

Jenny could only give out little squeals and squeaks with each
new sensation, but I thought I detected some subtle signs of
sexual arousal in her eyes and her breathing, in spite of Dave's
announcement about how dry she was. I was to be proved correct.

"Hmmm, Jenny, I said you were dry, but here you are starting to
prove me a liar. Are you actually indulging your sexual lust from
my legitimate investigations of the state of your little pussy?"
Dave held up the tips of his fingers for us to look at. "Jenny,
I'm shocked. Just look at this!" and he brandished his fingers
tips in her face. "You've really got to do some work on your
self-control. And really, it's very insubordinate and rude to be
getting turned on when you're being punished. Marge, would you
note that we need to add another demerit for this?"

Need I note that Jenny's was absolutely horrified by all of this?

Dave was finished yet, "Now, let's see. Your pussy IS nicely
reddened here in front, but I can't really see how even it is all
over. Jenny, I want you to turn around."

Jenny tearfully obeyed, displaying her wonderfully large, firm
bottom just inches from Dave's eyes.

"Good, now remember your obedience lessons, and bend over,
sweety."

Jenny gave a mournful sigh and obeyed her uncle's command, but
only just. She leaned forward just a bit and kept her legs
clamped hard together. Clearly the last thing she wanted was to
give Dave a view of her most private areas.

"Now that IS a pretty pose, Jenny," said Dave, "but it's not
exactly what I had in mind. For starters, why don't you spread
your legs a bit?"

"Ohhhh, Uncle Dave! I can't! I just can't! It's TOO shameful!"

"Now, Jenny, dear, believe me you don't have anything that I
haven't seen before. I'm not interested in your silly little
teenage body. I'm just trying to make sure that we do a thorough
job of curing you. Now -I'm going to stop playing around. Spread
your legs, now!"

Jenny obeyed, but again, only just.

"Wider! Wider!"

Finally the poor girl was browbeaten into spreading her legs
quite wide apart, producing a wonderfully seductive view of her
plump pussy from the rear. But Dave still wasn't happy.

"Hmmm, I still can't see quite as well as I want. Why don't you
bend further down and grab your ankles? Come on, Jenny, I'm not
kidding! Now! All the way - grab those ankles!"

Jenny obeyed and was now giving dear Uncle Dave about as much of
a view as it's possible for a girl to give. Her bottom cheeks
were well spread, exposing all of the tender flesh between them,
including the formerly reclusive bumhole, which was looking
particularly cute. And below that her quite full, bare, pussy was
shamelessly proffered.

"Hmmm, that IS a rather delightful picture, Jenny. Would you like
me to take a photograph so you can see what you look like from
this angle? Apparently Timmy or Nancy cleaned you up very well -
why you're squeaky clean. Yesss, it looks as though this part of
your pussy, near your little bottom hole here, isn't quite as
pink as the front part."

"I'll even her up for you, Dad!" offered Timmy enthusiastically.

"Oh, yes, Timmy, I'm sorry," said Dave, "This IS your show
tonight. You take over."

Timmy walked over with the riding crop to the shamefully
presented lovely young teenager.

"Yes, I see what you mean, Dad. She needs a little pinkening'
up back here." and he rudely touched the end of the crop to the
back part of her tender slit. This came as such a surprise and a
shock to the dear girl that she shot bolt upright reaching back
with both hands to protect her rear quarters from the enemy. As a
result her big breasts bobbed happily, as if they weren't
particularly concerned about the problems other parts of Jenny's
body might be having.

Timmy wasn't having it, however. "Jenny," he said in a calm
voice. "You weren't told to move, were you? Now get back in
position or you'll REALLY be sorry."

Jenny obeyed, but as she once again presented her wide open rear
view to the family (we had all repositioned ourselves to admire
the vista), she couldn't resist a little begging. "Oh, Timmy,
don't hurt me too much, please!" Everyone laughed at this futile
effort as we enjoyed the view that she offered us. Her pussy was
looking very cute and provocative, pouting just a bit, and with
both inner labia sticking out past the outer in a very assertive
and naughty way.

When she felt the light touch of the tip of the crop as Timmy
cruelly teased her, she jerked involuntarily forward to remove
her pussy from harm's way. However, Jenny quickly recovered
herself and returned to her proper, well-displayed and
vulnerable, position.

Timmy started tapping Jenny in this sensitive spot, very lightly
at first, but gradually increasing to medium light taps. Each one
would not have been enough to cause much concern if, say, you
were getting tapped on your forearm. However, on a girl's pussy
it would certainly be a different story. Jenny clearly felt each
smack and as the pain built she moaned and gasped. She was
exercising all of her self-control to maintain her obscenely
offered position and to keep her sensitive pussy conveniently
positioned for Timmy's attentions. Just as it was obvious that
she was on the verge of cracking, Timmy stopped.

Since Timmy hadn't told her she could get up, Jenny remained in
position, and thus we could all see that the rear part of her
pussy, as well as her little wrinkled anus, had gotten some
definite improvement in color, and were probably smarting quite a
bit as well. As we watched poor Jenny moaned and whimpered.

"An admirable job, Timmy!" said Dave.

Timmy beamed at this approval from his father.

"Well, Timmy," said a grinning Nancy, "Let's not keep the poor
girl in suspense. What have you got planned for her next?"

"She's going to get some riding lessons. Stand up, Jenny."

Jenny did, and she was happy to do so. Even standing naked before
us was at least a little better than the position she had just
been in. Plus her smarting nether regions were at least
temporarily out of harms way. The cute girl wanted to behave well
so she kept her hands at her sides, clearly with some mental
struggle involved. She looked so lovely standing there, with the
grace that only a youth can have, and the body of a woman,
waiting for the next humiliating order from her young cousin.

"We have a very interesting exercise for you now, cousin dear."
Said Timmy, as he went to the vaulting horse and, with the
flipping of a couple of catches, removed the padding on the cross
bar, revealing the underlying structure, a simple pipe of strong
white plastic, approximately two inches in diameter. There was
one especially curious thing about this pipe. Just about in the
center of its length, there was a sudden dip, a cupping, which
went down about two inches and extended about three inches. If
one didn't know the purpose of it, it might have been hard to
guess.

One the other hand, one just might put two and two together,
especially after hearing the phrase "riding lessons". It looked
just a little like a very narrow saddle, a saddle that would just
receive and wrap around from front to back the pussy of a young
girl. If one looked closer, one could see another curious thing.
The dip section was covered with the something very like the
coconut matting that young Jenny had already gained some
familiarity with by now.

Timmy pushed one of the control buttons and the bar lowered until
it was only about two feet above the floor. Timmy motioned Jenny
over to the apparatus and helped her lift one leg over it. As she
stood there, wringing her hands in fear, he pushed another button
and the bar began to rise.

Jenny watched in horror as the menacing bar moved upward toward
her crotch. When it got to her pussy, and the dip in the bar
lovingly fitted itself around her, Timmy stopped it. Apparently
it was applying SOME pressure because Jenny seemed to feel it
necessary to grab the bar with her hands to take a little
pressure off of her plump mount and she raised up on the balls of
her feet.

"Ohhh! Ohhh! It hurts! Ow! Please, Timmy! Move it down! Ohhh!
OW!"

As considerate as ever, Timmy obeyed, and pushed the down button
just long enough for the bar to move out of direct contact with
the delightful mound of flesh that it had been impinging on so
rudely. Jenny gave a heartfelt sigh of relief as prickly surface
moved downward.

Timmy went to one of the drawers in the tool desk and returned
with the breast halter that Nancy had invented and used to such
wonderful effect two days earlier. He also was carrying two
lengths of leather strapping. Jenny watched, obviously not
knowing what was going to happen. Clearly, though, she recognized
the halter!

Before Jenny's terrified and pleading eyes, Timmy attached the
halter to her large, firm breasts, making sure to pull the
encircling straps quite tight, tight enough to elicit a pained
yelp for each one as she felt her tender breasts tightly
compressed at the base, enhancing the soreness that they already
were subject to.

Timmy now attached wrist cuffs to each of Jenny's wrists and
clipped each leather strap to these. Pulling over a small ladder,
he then climbed it with the straps and ran each through one of
two pulleys conveniently available just above our young victim.

Timmy pulled down on each strap, causing Jenny's hands and arms
to get pulled upwards. When they were perfectly straight above
her, he pick an eyelet in each strap and clipped the straps onto
the breast halter. Thus each of Jenny's arms was attach to one
breast via an overhead pulley, and she could, if she wished, pull
each breast upward simply by pulling down with the appropriate
arm.

Jenny was silent during this operation except for some continuous
fearful whimpering.

"Pull, Jenny. Pull downward." Ordered Timmy.

Jenny obeyed, and her breasts moved amusingly skyward as her
hands moved only slightly down.

"Harder."

"Ohh! I can't! It hurts!!"

"Jenny, I said harder."

Jenny pulled harder and, wonderfully, as the pressure on her poor
boobies increased and they became like two red and purple
volleyballs, with the nipples pointing upward.

But that wasn't all. Lets not forget the plastic bar and the
cruel coconut bristles just below her already smarting cunt.
Timmy certainly didn't forget! He pushed the up button and
watched with a cruel smile as the bar began to rise again.

Jenny looked down. She began to plead. "No! Timmy! Stop it! It
hurts too much!" The bar reached its appointed destination. Timmy
didn't release the up button. The bar continued to rise. Jenny
began to yell as plump little mount of venus began to be the sole
support of her weight, and the poor organ was pushed down with
considerable force onto the sharp bristles in the little curve of
pipe that was now cupping her.

"Ahhhhh! Ahhhhh! Ohhhh! Stop! Stop it! P-please!!!" The young
lovely screamed in pain and panic as she was force up onto the
balls of her feet, then her toes. And then her feet were free of
the floor. This was the worst. Her tender little slit was now all
that was holding her up. It certainly wasn't designed for such a
task and Jenny didn't think it was either. As she screamed in
pain her poor feet strained desperately to reached the
unobtainable floor. Timmy released the button with Jenny's toes
only half an inch from being able to provide her crotch some
relief.

Whether it was through calculation or instinct, Jenny suddenly
seemed to realize that she could relieve her nether regions by
pulling downward with her arms, thus transferring some of her
weight to her breasts. She did so. She pulled harder and harder
until she managed (it appeared ) to actually transfer all of her
weight to her boobs. This situation had only the advantage that
her boobs were maybe a bit better choice for holding her body up
than was her cunt. There was more surface area involved in the
straps surrounding the bases of her breasts, and the straps
didn't have the prickly bristles to torture her so cruelly. On
the other hand, her poor boobs had suffered so much already

As we all watched in fascination, the poor girl hung by her tits,
which were becoming a darker and darker shade of red, almost
purple. How long could she stand this? But not only did she have
to endure the cruel compression and pulling on her tits, she
could really only keep up the work of pulling with her arm
muscles for a short time.

Her arms began to tremble. She begged. Pleaded.

"Ohh! I can't hold up much more! Help! Help! It's hurts so much!"

Gradually the strength in her arms gave out and she slowly sank
down. As the weight was again transferred to that mistreated
little item between her legs her yells gained in pitch and
volume. This resumption of pain down there gave her new strength
and again she pulled. Again her boobs point skyward and some
relief was given to her pussy.

This went on for a couple of minutes only, but it was a truly
engrossing and wonderful show. After a little while Jenny's arm's
could only manage a halfhearted pull and could only occasionally
shift her weight from the tenderest part of her body and give her
little pussy some relief from the cruelly sharp bristles.

"Ohhhhh It's hurting me down there, SOOO much. Ohhhhhh!"

You may wonder why Jenny didn't either fall off sideways, or why
she wasn't able to lean one way or the other to bring at least
one foot in touch with the floor. The answer is simply that her
arms were stretched upwards so that neither of these two things
could happen. Thus she sat, and as she continued to yell and moan
in direst anguish, I went to the kitchen and popped a big bowl of
popcorn.

I came back with the popcorn to find Nancy and Timmy teasing and
tormenting the already agonized youngster as Dave contentedly
watched from his easy chair. Timmy was whacking her bottom with
his trusty riding crop and Nancy was slapping Jenny's captive,
distended breasts.

"Owww! Ow! Ow! Agghhh! Oh stop! Please..Ow!!!"

Each blow caused her to jerk involuntarily and, unfortunately,
rub her poor little puss against the cruel fulcrum that it was
resting on.

"Here, darlings," I said, "Let's have some popcorn and leave
Jenny in peace for a little while. Well, I think I exaggerated a
bit. There wasn't much hope of peace for the poor, naked thing.
Clearly she was in continuous torment from her crushed pussy, as
her moans and cries testified. She would still strive, whenever
she could muster the strength, to pull on the ropes and thus lift
some of her weight from the bar. She could never last more than a
few seconds before she slipped down again with an anguished groan
and resumed her ride.

After we finished the popcorn, Timmy walked over to face the
still writhing, moaning, crying girl.

With a cruel smile he asked, "Well, Jenny, how's your pussy
doing?"

All Jenny could do is burst into fresh tears.

"You won't answer me, so I guess you must like it there. Maybe we
should leave you there all night?"

"NOO! No! Ohhh please, PLEASE let me off. It HUUUURTTTS!!!"

Timmy pushed the down button, to Jenny's heartfelt relief, as she
felt the painful pressure on her persecuted pussy diminish. But
her relief quickly turned to dismay as she now found her self
hanging by her boobs with her toes still a fraction of an inch
away from being able to do her much good. She stretched her legs
and toes desperately, to no avail.

Timmy couldn't resist. He reached both hands out to her now
suffering breasts and gave a fairly solid push. Jenny screamed
with the pain, but it was wonderfully amusing to see her now
begin to swing helplessly back and forth, with Timmy giving a
little extra boost with each cycle.

Finally Timmy let the exhausted girl come to a halt and released
the straps from her boobs. She came down rather hard and fell
right over, narrowly avoiding giving her hairless pussy a nasty
bump against the lowered bar. Timmy ordered her to stand, and it
took all her strength do so, but somehow she managed. As she
stood in front of him, Timmy removed the breast halter from her
scarlet cantaloupes.

One could see from the front that her pussy was bruised and
chafed and must have been VERY sore.

Timmy reached down to touch it lightly. Jenny instinctively
withdrew, but remembered the importance of self-discipline and
allowed Timmy's rude hand to gently explore her as she grunted
and sighed with twinges of pain.

"Well it looks like your well tenderized, Jenny." we all shared a
laugh. "Tenderized enough for your strapping!" Timmy finished.

"Strapping?" whispered Jenny, terrified and hopeless.

"Yes, Jenny, with this!" and Timmy gleefully held up the little
strap that he had used on Jenny's tender thighs back when she was
being plucked and shaved.

Timmy continued, just in case Jenny didn't fully comprehend.
"This strap and your pussy are going to get very well acquainted.
"

Jenny fainted, collapsing in a heap on the floor.

The strap Timmy was holding was essentially the same as that
which had been used on dear Nancy in the Seat of Learning. It was
light to avoid deep bruising, and smooth to minimize abrasion.
One thing it wouldn't minimize would be a fiery sting.

Again Jenny picked a very convenient time to faint, because it
made it very easy for us to get her back up onto the
gynecological table in the same spread leg, knees next to her
ears position that she had been in for her shaving. The condition
of her hairless pussy could now be carefully assessed, and all of
the family took care to look as closely as possible. Jenny's
little item was definitely looking a bit the worse for wear. It
was deep red in color and the surface of the skin was looking a
bit raw, although the skin had not been broken. There was a
general swelling and some signs of bruising.

Were we being excessively cruel in allowing Timmy to take the
strap to Jenny's pussy after all it had been through so far?
Perhaps it would put things in perspective to recall that we were
attempting to cure Jenny of a serious problem and extreme measure
were called for. In addition, it might help to know that Timmy's
original idea had been to use a cane on her, but that cooler
heads had prevailed and the light strap had been substituted. I
have to admit, though, that the cane had been an intriguing idea!

Dave placed the pillow under Jenny's head so that, when she woke
up, she could more easily see what was going on. Just about then
she DID wake up, coming slowly to an awareness of her situation.
You can believe that she wasn't to happy about this situation
when she did become aware of it.

