Back at The Cirq things aren't exactly normal, but considering the smile written all over Adam's face I don't consider it to be a complete loss. It's been so many years since a genuine smile fell upon his features that I'm sure most people don't remember the last occasion. I'm also convinced that after your tiny taste of The Cirq life and meeting the boys, that you all probably have some questions about our main feature. So I'm here to tell you a little more about Adam, and who knows, maybe along the way you will discover some new interesting things about his bedmates.

You see I was there when the tiny creature we now know as Adam was born. He was just like any other babe at that time until the whole bassinet incident with his mother. That was where Longineu and his lovely wife came in. They took in the baby with the unbelievable strength and taught him to control his ability. As a being with such incredible power he could've easily become a tyrant to civilization, but with the love and support of his parents he became a gentle giant, a gentle lonely giant actually. Somewhere between the ages of one and two, just as Adam began to toddle, a miracle occurred. It wasn't a miracle in many people's book. As his papa called him, encouraging him to walk from Joan's arms, Adam began to totter. They both gasped as the child looked between them in fear knowing that soon his bottom would hit the floor, but it never happened. Somehow a tail sprouted out of his diaper and with a quick swish this way and that Adam found his footing and trotted with an excited squeal into his very shocked papa's arms. Neither of the vampires could explain the strange events of that day, but from then on Adam's tail was an accepted part of his body. Over the years Adam grew in leaps and bounds usually content on hiding his tail, wrapped snugly around his leg under whatever pants he'd chosen for the day. For whatever reason as the boy got older the tail became a secret, which he couldn't seem to tell anyone. His parents never offered the information and with that secrecy, he felt shame. Throughout his young life even when Kris and Tommy were brought in as infants, no one discovered what he was hiding.

As a big brother Adam nurtured and cared for the younger boys, teaching them the ways of The Cirq and together they all became performers when Adam was fifteen. The flavor of the show was ingrained in their blood and they loved it. Adam enjoyed it even more so for the fact he got to watch his brothers awe and sometimes disgust the audience with their features. Goodness knows it's not everyday a normal human sees a ten-year-old with a forked tongue.

Puberty, however, was difficult for Adam. To already have a body that you find displeasing is bad enough, but to have it betray your interest in every cute boy in a ten mile radius is just horrifying. It was hard to find pants tight enough to contain the huge tent affect while still being able to have legs loose enough to hide the line of his tail.

When he was eighteen he finally sat down with his parents and discussed his fears and confusion. They assured him that liking boys was okay, but if he was going to be with anyone he should always be safe. Still with as much time as he spent with an erection, Adam couldn't find a lover without revealing his secrets and that was a risk he couldn't take. So much of his time in his tent was spent with his hand, many orgasms and even more lonely nights.

It wasn't until one bright sunny afternoon on the camp grounds that his life and perspective were changed for good. The Cirq had just come into New Orleans. It'd been a long time since they'd been this far south and the air that day was so thick you could have probably sliced it for a sandwich. First day in town meant setting up with no show that evening and once he'd pitched his own tent, Adam spent the afternoon wandering the grounds. He immediately noticed that Kris and Tommy weren't among the people enjoying the day. As his feet trudged forward he broke out in a cold sweat, and I'm telling you that boy sensed something was off. Once he found Kris' tent empty he prowled quickly through the muggy heat to Tommy's tent. One look inside and nothing was ever the same.

…

Adam crouched low to the ground and crept inside the tent. The boys were too enrapt in one another to notice him and so he watched. Their voices were soft whispers as Kris sat in Tommy's lap. Adam could tell Kris was murmuring encouraging words into Tommy's lips just by the tone of his voice. He sounded desperate and with every heated moan that left the scaled boy's mouth Adam's cock got harder. He took a slow shuddering breath and cupped himself as the pair on the makeshift bed quickly divested one another of clothing.

Adam's eyes locked immediately on the fresh, shimmering emerald skin, and when a pale hand traced over Kris's bicep the boy gasped out. Beautiful, beautiful Tommy with his wings at full expanse used that hand to taunt Kris into a panting mess and it was then Adam heard the first clear sentence since he'd entered the tent.

"Kris, are you sure you want this?" Adam shivered at the sultry tone in Tommy's voice, but he also noticed the tinge of uncertainty, as if maybe this was their first time. That thought alone had the older man tugging his zipper down as quietly as he could. When he finally reached in to pull out his cock he bit his lip, tasting the faint flavor of copper and a whimper practically escaped him. He gripped his shaft hard as he waited with baited breath for Kris's reply.

"I want this. Please… I know you won't hurt me." Adam almost groaned as Kris begged The Angel Child. His cock was leaking and he slowly slid his thumb over the tip, the slickness smoothing the path of the digit. His eyes nearly slipped closed, but he fought it and locked them on the scene before him. Tommy held Kris against him with one arm while using his other hand to grab at a bottle of something beside him. Adam's eyes widened as the cap opened with a snick and Tommy poured more than a liberal amount of the glistening substance onto his fingers. The shimmering boy in Tommy's arms quivered and Tommy shushed him, leaving a small kiss behind his ear.

"Kristopher, baby, I need you settle on your hands and knees for me." Much to Adam's delight when Kris rearranged himself, he was left with a perfect view of the main attraction since his view was from the side. He could see the full line of Kris's lithe form, every muscle tensed with anticipation, and a beautiful cock hanging heavily between his legs. At thirteen Adam remembered being small in that area for his immense size, but then again he hadn't hit puberty until he was fourteen. Both boys before him had matured at younger ages.

Kris was ten when puberty hit and coincidentally that was also the first time Adam had helped the smaller man shed when his skin got caught somewhere between his nipples and navel, much to Kris's embarrassment. Seeing him now though it was much different. Freshly shed, his body glowed green with sharp cuts of defined muscle along his chest. Adam was sure if you didn't already know that Kris was thirteen, most people would presume he was much older despite his short stature.

Tommy on the other hand had started to mature a hair later; he was nearly twelve when Adam first noticed the signs of dusty facial hair. From everything Adam could see now, Tommy's body had remained very feminine even having gone through puberty. Still soft lines and curves where Kris was muscle, but Tommy was beautiful, and the cock that stood in a curve against his stomach left nothing to wonder about in regards to his maturity. Adam was surprised to see that package on such a tiny figure, but gods that boy was a vision nude with a full spread of pearl feathers glistening on his back. Coincidentally this was the first time Adam could remember seeing Tommy's wings shimmer. Adam could only guess it had something to do with the boy's arousal. Fascinating.

Those thoughts quickly fell from Adam's mind as he watched Tommy's dry hand flutter softly down Kris's back. Each soft touch caused Kris to shiver and gasp and when that hand settled as a brace on Kris's hip, Adam could see Kris's desperate attempt to take a deep breath. The exhale came on a shuddering sigh then floated to Adam's ears and took a direct train to his erection, which throbbed insistently in his own hand.

Hiding made a comfortable position hard to obtain, but quietly he managed to settle on his side, one hand propping up his head and his other firmly gripping the base of his dribbling cock. He didn't want to come before the show was over and considered his hard grip to be an insurance policy.

"Relax Kristopher, I'm going to slick you up now." Tommy's voice was almost a growl and Adam could see the winged-one struggling to hold his composure. His battle was plain to see in the tensing of his fingers and even from this distance Adam could see Tommy's knuckles were white. Kris might have a finger-shaped bruise tomorrow. Tommy's wings were also showing his control because they almost vibrated with the energy that the boy was trying so hard to contain.

"Please Tommy," Kris whined, the words barely reaching Adam's ears before those beautiful shimmering lips opened again, "please touch me."

Tommy's feathers rustled with the vibrations of holding back, the energy flowing through them causing his wings to flail out in a random beating pattern. The flapping continued until Tommy's slick fingers ran down the crack of Kris' ass and much to Adam's surprise, the wings stilled and folded into themselves. Tommy's obvious complete focus on the task at hand settled the rambunctious extensions when one finger pressed slowly into Kris. Adam found himself holding his own breath, watching the varied emotions that played through Kris' face as he turned to look back at Tommy; discomfort, shock, and a veil of lust. Each emotion was more pronounced in his features than the last and when those dark chocolate eyes melted for Tommy Adam groaned, forgetting his interesting predicament. As luck would have it neither boy seemed to notice and Adam continued to view the show as Tommy began thrusting one long digit in and out of Kris's prone body.

"Tommy!" Kris shrieked before shoving his fist into his mouth. Tommy froze and Adam could see the look of uncertainty on Tommy's face. Kris was breathing hard around his fist and when he finally removed it he was still panting. "God Tommy, I don't know what you just touched, but please don't stop, I'm fine. I just… I didn't expect that… and for a minute the world just exploded. I-I thought I was going to come and I don't want to until you're inside me." The words were a tumbled mess of arousal to Adam's ears and he smiled knowingly. Adam might've still been a virgin but he'd explored his body enough to know exactly what Kris was feeling.

With Kris' reassurance Tommy's finger began again and he soon added a second finger to the mix. Adam studied Kris' reaction. This time Kris only flinched slightly before his face went slack with pleasure. Soon the emerald child was begging for a third and it was then that Adam allowed his hand to stroke over his own hardened flesh. Each stroke spread his arousal and smoothed his strides.

"Is that good Kris? You're nice and open for my fingers; you think you can stay like that for me? You think you can welcome me in, baby?" Tommy was hunched over, his face against Kris's ear but the words were still as clear as crystal to Adam.

"Mmm I'll be so good Tommy," Kris replied and then Tommy leaned back and removed his fingers. Kris's whine was short lived, Tommy quickly opening a condom he produced from beside Kris and rolling it down. He slicked his length and Adam gazed with a shiver, fingers tightening around his own shaft. Tommy aligned his cock with Kris' wet opening. He pushed in and Adam could tell by the keening sounds that neither boy would last for more than a couple of minutes. When Tommy was fully seated his wings shot to their full span. They looked alive as Tommy thrust into Kris, each feather gaining the iridescence of a pearl. Their bodies moved together as Adam stroked his cock from afar and Kris' fingers wrapped around his own length with a moan. Adam was amazed he hadn't exploded yet, but that was soon remedied when Tommy shifted his hips, the angle hitting Kris just right. The minute Adam saw the first shot of come leave Kris' cock he completely lost it. His teeth sunk into his lower lip; copper filled his mouth as Tommy cried out, and that was when the first rope of his own cum hit the floor.

When Adam finally came down from the high he saw Tommy and Kris in a sweaty heap and quickly tucked himself back into his jeans so that he could escape. He scurried quietly from the tent and into the humid Louisiana air just as the suns rays began to fade from the sky.

…

That was the day that changed it all for Adam, but what he didn't know then was Kris and Tommy were aware of his presence the minute he snuck into the tent. The duo hadn't planned it, but had hoped that Adam would eventually come to them about it. He never did of course. Just a slight blush crept over his cheeks the following night they performed. That was it.

Adam however took things into his own hands shall we say. Our virgin spent the previous evening playing that little show in his head over and over wondering what I would be like to sink into a willing body. He also realized that it could never be more than a fling. No one could know about his tail and in order to protect it he would have to take what he could get. With that thought in mind he wandered to his parents tent in search of the basket of condoms they kept for the performers.

With a deep sigh he took a handful of condoms and dashed back to his own tent to sleep.

I realized at that point that the Adam I knew was gone and the events of the next day proved my theory to be correct. Adam's innocence drowned in a fling with a tiny Cajun boy.

…

Adam was immediately enthralled when he overheard the little brunette's melodic southern accent. His mouth watered and his ears twitched to the Cajun twinge in the boy's voice.

The show had ended nearly an hour ago, and unlike most nights Adam had stuck around to mingle with the crowd. His smile was plastered onto his face as he turned on his heels and headed straight for the unaware little treat in the middle of the crowd. When he tapped the boy on the shoulder, the boy turned around to reveal eyes of molten chocolate. Adam grabbed him by the wrist and dragged him through the crowd. He finally stopped and the boy looked around the tent bewildered, shocked, and none too disappointed when his eyes landed on the suspiciously large bulge in Adam's jeans.

"That's all me. I'm Adam by the way," Adam chuckled softly, feeling nervous for the first time that night. "So what's you name pretty boy?" Adam may have been a virgin but his body was charged with so many hormones that he was able to cover up his nerves, innocent Adam turning into a lion stalking his prey.

"You can… umm yeah you can call me Beau." The boy's voice was laced with a current that made Adam shiver slightly and he seized the boy's collar and tugged him in for a kiss. It was slow and passionate and Adam was sure that Beau wasn't new to this game. He was small, but exceptionally eager as he latched onto Adam like a second skin. Everything was perfect until the boy released him and began tugging at his jeans.

Adam tensed. He knew he couldn't get undressed. So instead he pushed the boy away. "Allow me," Adam purred, trying to cover his uneasiness. Adam unzipped his pants and pulled out his thick length while the desperate boy in front of him dropped his pants and presented himself over the back of a chair.

Hmm, not as difficult as Adam was expecting. He grabbed a condom and the lube from his stash, quickly lubed his fingers and pressed a slick finger into Beau's eager body. The boy trembled and bowed back on Adam's finger, taking more, silently begging. Adam added a second soon after and with that finger the writhing body below him became very vocal. "No, no I'm good Adam please, I like it to hurt a little bit."

Adam opened his mouth to argue, but his dick twitched and everything else was no longer important. He ripped open the condom, rolled it on, and slicked himself up. It was all a surreal process and he almost felt as if he was having an out of body experience, because when he positioned himself at Beau's entrance the boy basically impaled himself on Adam's length. No preamble, no warning, and Adam could see his own eyes slamming shut, his face contorted with pleasure.

The sounds of skin slapping skin, moans, and whines filled the air and when Adam finally came the name that rang through the air was not of the boy beneath him. No, it was those he knew as brothers, as family. He pulled out and with a flick of his wrist discarded the condom, sending a very flushed faced Beau on his way.

As his head hit the pillow that night he felt empty. There was so much space in his chest void of anything but wants and wishing for someone who could accept every part of him.

His tail swished of it's own accord, tickling his exposed side and he glared at it. He kept it confined on most occasions; the only positive he'd found for it was that it gave a whole new meaning to hands-free masturbation.

When he finally fell into a slumber he dreamed of acceptance and the promise that someday he'd find happiness. Deep down he'd always known the people that made his heart smile, but he'd been hiding things from them forever. If only.

…

This was but the beginning of many nights that ended the same. Our dearest Adam, while on the outside the same person that Kris and Tommy had always known, was very different on the inside.

He was jaded, and I could see how dark his feature would be unless the Fates or Karma or some divine intervention bullshit came into play. So that's exactly what I did. Fairies after all are known for their magical ways. The voodoo priestess saw me coming when she told Tommy of his sight.

I'd watched Adam, that beautiful child; grow into a solemn man who fucked just to get his rocks of. There were so many boys and men, so many faces, most of which Adam never remembered when The Cirq rolled back into their town. That was about to change and it would be by my hand. I injected the winged-one with the visions I saw from Adam's dreams. He often dreamed of the one time he'd watched Kris and Tommy, so I took that vision and showed Tommy exactly how happy Adam could be. I also had to show him that the only reason Adam hadn't come to them before was because he was hiding, but due to the laws of the fairies I couldn't disclose Adam's true secret. I made it clear to Tommy however that once the truth was revealed they would be happy.

And well my dears I suppose you know the story from here. Adam's past was both innocent and tortured. With every year Adam was more of a man, but he still needed love. He craved it like he craved the sun on a rainy day and finally he was blessed to have a future. One that I'm sure I might tell you about later, maybe.