An Introduction To Female Anatomy
byMusicmakre©

Let me admit up front that exhibitionism, especially in risky public situations, is a huge turn-on for me. When I met Deb in college, I yearned to show everyone this beautiful young woman who had become so much a part of my life. To let them see, if not touch this gorgeous woman who was all mine. But my Deb was shy and conservative and her steps toward exhibitionism would be small and measured... topless on a walking trail in the park, stripped naked and brought to multiple orgasms in the practice rooms at school or in my car in parking lots. Small steps, but each was very satisfying none-the-less.

After we were married car trips became much more pleasurable as I coaxed her into riding topless. During our last 400 mile trip to visit relatives she took a big step and rode completely naked. Sleeping for most of it. Sometimes I create a situation where she might be completely exposed to an individual (read "Shy Wife Tied and Displayed"), or on rare occasions like that car trip, to more than a hundred! Because of her shyness, the challenge is to expose her completely in a way that she would never know. Like last Friday after work...

What an insane day at the office... one crisis after another. It felt great to have them all resolved, but time to forget all that now! Thank God it was Friday and I was looking forward to the pleasure of spending the evening relaxing with my beautiful wife, Deb.

As I crested the hill and descended down toward our corner apartment I was greeted by a glorious sight. Our first floor apartment windows are at ground level and I noticed our bedroom lights were on. "That's odd." I said to myself as I rolled down the hill, "I can see right through the curtains!" Indeed the curtains on both sides of the bedroom were bleached out by the sun and surprisingly transparent. Strange that I had never noticed this from inside our bedroom. That also explains the rustling noises we hear outside our bedroom windows sometimes... the neighborhood urchins. Back to the "glorious sight", to my delight, my beautiful wife was sitting on the bed reading with her back to the window completely naked.

I eased my pickup over to the curb, turned off the lights and parked to enjoy the view... Deb's dark blond curls cascaded down between soft shoulders, her form flowing downward to her beautifully tapered waist and sensuously curved hips. Movement and talking on our neighbor's porch across the street distracted me from my heavenly vision. As my eyes focused in the darkness, I noticed our neighbor's nerdy 18 year old son, Clint, was hanging on the porch with five equally nerdy friends.

I felt a little sorry for Clint. He and the senior classmates he hung around with were the rejects... really nice guys, but hopelessly inept in any social situation. And God forbid there would ever be a girl in the mix. He and his five buddies were crowded onto their small front porch craning their necks to absorb this beautiful and rare treat before them. They had the side view of the bedroom and, of course, my wife and I'm sure they were praying this gorgeous naked babe would turn around and give them a peek at something other than her shapely butt and part of her boob!

My mind flashed back to my own first experience seeing a fully naked woman in the flesh. She was my hot next door neighbor drying off in her bedroom with her window and drapes opened... and she was every bit as amazing as I had fantasized. I was entranced by the way her breasts swayed back and forth as she moved and I was struck by the size of her dark brown nipples. I remember the experience still left me mystified by exactly what lay beneath her dense triangle of brown pubic hair...

How long had they been watching and what had they seen? No way to know, but this was one of those situations that was much too good to pass up. I pulled away from the curb and drove the back way into our parking lot. I went into our building via the back door, entered our apartment and made my way to our bedroom. Deb looked up and smiled... God she is so beautiful, sitting Indian-style wearing nothing but a sexy pair of glasses. The perfect promotional image for the President's Council on Reading! I did my best to look her in the face, but those firm 36C tits and luscious pink nipples were eye magnets!

"Well, hello there you beautiful naked woman!" I greeted her with mock surprise and gave her a huge hug and kiss. "To what do I owe this honor?" Her cheeks flushed a little bit and she said, "I took a shower when I got home from work and the air felt so delicious on my skin that, well, here I am!" Yes, God bless you, here you are! Every square inch of your lovely 5'7" hourglass-shaped body to delight me and anyone else who happens to drive by or look out their window (or observe from the porch across the street).

We talked about our day and touched for a few minutes then I turned on another light at the head of the bed and slowly turned her toward the soft light and the window. With her full breasts and beautiful pink nipples now fully exposed to her crowd of new admirers, I sat behind her, reached under her arms and let the full weight of those firm breasts rest on the palms of my hands. They felt wickedly soft and yielded perfectly with each tender squeeze. I kissed her neck as my right hand slid down her flat tummy to the silky puff of golden pubic hair. Sliding my finger between her lips I was rewarded with her warm, moist essence and she was instantly responsive when my wandering finger brushed across her swollen clitoris.

After a few minutes of tender exploration, it was becoming remarkably obvious that I was moving Deb in the right direction. I caught that particularly wonderful aroma of her mounting vaginal juices and her nipples stood erect like little pink soldiers. She didn't have to say a word, all our communication in these instances tended to be non-verbal. Her body was clearly shouting that this girl's wet pussy was in need of immediate, direct attention. I laid her back and lifted and spread her legs wide open exposing her puffy, glistening lips to the young men. I heard them whistle and cheer as I spread her outer labia exposing her moist throbbing clit and vagina. Deb was surprised by the noise outside and asked if I thought anyone could see in, I assured her they couldn't. After all, the curtains were shut...

She moaned sweetly as I knelt beside her taking her erect, sensitive nipple into my mouth and stroking her swollen clit. Deb shuddered as my finger slid in and out of her moist vagina then up and over her clitoris. There was no rush, I've always enjoyed watching the way her body reacts to sexual stimulation. I kissed her full lips deeply while massaging her beautiful nipples and moist vagina. Her curvy hips began to rise and fall with the movement of my fingers. Not long after steadily working back and forth between her vagina and clit I felt her hips sink into the mattress, the first indicator of fireworks to come. Deb's back arched and she immediately began thrusting into wave after wave of massive orgasmic tremors. I made sure her gallery of fans had an unobstructed view of her beautiful breasts, her rock hard nipples making perfect circles with every explosive thrust of her hips. A magnificent performance! Her orgasm lasted a good 30 seconds followed by several intense afterglow thrusts as I continued stroking her very exposed and still very swollen clit.

Finally she could take it no more. She went limp and stretched out, arms over her head. Crossing her beautiful long legs she squeezed firm thighs together to coax the last bit of electricity from her sensitive clitoris. Her perky nipples slowly relaxed as she lay there in the soft glow of the light still completely exposed to her six voyeurs watching from our neighbor's porch.

As I took a few moments myself to drink in Deb's unfettered beauty, I noticed the cheering was now replaced with complete awestruck silence. Like my first sneak peek at the wonders of womanhood, most of these guys had probably never seen a naked woman in the flesh, much less a gorgeous young MILF having an intense orgasm right before their eyes! They were indeed some of the luckiest men in town on this Friday night.

Deb reached over, unclasped my belt, and pulled it through the loops of my pants. She looked directly in my eyes, winked and smiled wryly as she made a loop and slipped it over her wrist. She stood up and put her wrists together behind her back for me to finish the job. As she stood there facing the bedroom window bound and vulnerable, I thought to myself, "Sex Education class is over for tonight gentlemen!" as I switched off the lights.

