The content and opinions expressed in this story are not necessarily the
personal view of the story's author and not necessarily those of anyone
responsible for this archive or website.
This story contains depictions of sexually explicit erotic acts. In some
cases these acts may be of a homosexual nature, if this is illegal where
you are at, please stop reading now.
This story depicts simulated sexual acts between adults and minors. If this
type of material is offensive to you, then stop reading now. By reading
further you declare or affirm that you are not a minor or in the company of
a minor and are entitled to read this material, furthermore you declare
that you will not hold the author and the archive or website publishing
this story liable for any damages incurred from reading this story.
This is a work of fiction and as such, should be treated as that. I do not
endorse anything that happens in
this story, nor do I encourage anyone to participate in any activities like
this. This is a fantasy (Or nightmare/daymare). If you feel that you are in
danger of molesting or
harming a child, then you should seek immediate psychiatric help. Remember
in most countries there's nothing illegal about having those thought, but
if you act on them that's an entirely different matter. Any similarities to
real people or places, is completely coincidental.

This is fiction, it never happened, isn't happening, won't happening.
Don't do it!  It ain't good, it's BAD!
I don't approve of people who do this, never have, and never will, and NO!
I haven't, don't, and won't!

===============================-

About 2 weeeks ago, I was BORED on a Saturday.  I decided to go see a movie
(I was thinking about something with an "R' Rating.  but I
had no idea what movies were out.  I knew The Bee Movie was out, and I
thought it would be good, but I was hoping to seer a Horror flick.
So without checking the local listings, I headed out to a theater.

When I got there, of the eight movies they were showing, four had started
about an hour ago, three wouldn't start for another hour,
and you guessed it, "The Bee Movie" had just started about 10 minutes
earlier (Well, the Prequel had started 10 minutes earlier.).
I walked into the theater expecting it to be packed with kids, but the
theater was mostly empty.  I moved towards the front of
the theater looking for a seat in the middle of the middle row.  Front to
back, all of the middle seats of the middle rows were filled!
As I'm getting closer to the front, and starting to think I'm getting closer
to the front than I want to be, I notice I'm
being watched.  In my favorite row of seats in the middle of the middle row,
an 10ish boy who looks 95% like Marky (Short Brown hair, deep brown eyes,
medium complexion.) is looking at me, and he had that same look in his eyes
that Marky had the first time I saw him.
I stopped for a second, and then got my feet to move again.  I moved towards
the row in front of him, and I swear he thought at me,
"No!  You can't sit next to me!"   I moved into the row ahead of him (The
first empty row there was), with the intent of
sitting just to the side of him (But still in the row in front of his), so I
wouldn't block his view.  As I was one or two seats
away from my intended seat, I swear I heard him think, "No, you're getting
too close!  Stop."
I sat down, and started watching the movie.  I actually managed to stop
thinking about him for about half of the movie, but then the
action on-screen got slow, and I started to wonder what it would be like to
be naked with him, what his equipment would look like.  How
tight was his body, how would he compare to Marky at the same age if they
were side by side (And the same age).
And for some reason, never having given much thought to oral sex before, and
ONLY having played the "Harmonica" (As opposed to the
"Skin Flute")on my 18-year-old Asian Eddie Fuhrlong look-a-like (When he was
in T2.), I started playing with the
idea of him on his knees in front of me, and me gently holding his head
while I found out how much dick he could/would suck on
comfortably for me, and what it would feel and look like.  I wasn't playing
with myself while I pondered this, but somehow he KNEW!
He tapped on the back of my seat and rythmically pushed at it gently with
his foot for as long as I entertained these deliciously nasty thoughts
about him.
I felt guilty for having and playing with these thoughts in front of him,
and when I stopped thinking about what sex with him might
be like, he stopped kicking the seat!
When the movie ended, and the credits started to roll, I waited a few
minutes to hopefully give him (And his friends) time to exit the
theater before me.
When I got to the lobby, and he's there, staring at me again, by the exit
doors (To the world outside).


Thanks for reading it.
Feedback can be sent to:

http://www1.asstr.org/cgi-bin/ah_feedback.cgi?id=XKBVTMLAXJZSRNAPVLIE