Hi my Dear Readers, This is Trisha, and I am back with another story of my experience. Please give me feedback at My facebook Profile but better mail me at trishakhare17@gmail.com after you are done reading this story. But before I go further, Thank you all those who complimented my work and mailed me or texted me on facebook. In case I couldn't reply, please understand that I really get very less time so its just a matter of chance that if your mail, if it is in top 10-15 mails in my inbox when I log in. Also, many suggested that the first one was getting a bit boring as I delayed the climax, actual scene way too much so I tried to make amendments in the other two  but then more people turned up and suggested that the first one was the best and I should not change anything in that way of writing so I will stick with it.
As formality, Introducing myself once again, My name is Trisha Khare (facebook.com/trisha93). I have already written about my first three experiences, those stories can be found where you found this one or you can request me for it writing an Email at trishakhare17@gmail.com.
This is story of my forth experience. Enjoy reading, and masturbating! &#61514;

After having sex with Shubham, I stayed there at his home with my uncle and aunt for a few more days, and then returned to my home. While I stayed there, I got closer to Shubham and we talked but never got any opportunity to do anything more. However, He was not much of satisfying guy in terms of sex, and hence I didn't get the expected satisfaction, as he probably came out too soon, or may be because He didn't turn me on as much as he should have.
After returning to Delhi, I was in search of colleges. Luckily, I got selected in ITM Gwalior when I appeared for competitive exams while I was still at M.P. Hence I decided to pursue my engineering course which was going to start after 2 months. I had a lot of time to kill. Hence I decided to try in modelling too. I hence visited a few websites, and I found out that I will have to contact a professional photographer, and get myself photographed in order to present myself to the world of Modelling. Hence I decided on reaching a photographer. I had a friend, Anya who was already a model, and we were friends since early schooling, so I contacted her and she gave me number of a modelling photographer in Delhi. 
The same day, she called him and gave him heads up about me. I called the guy, and told him that I want to pursue my career in modelling, and he asked to meet and then he will decide after a trial session. We scheduled our meet for next day.
I went to his studio the next day, and he lived in it alone. I knocked at his door and he invited me in. The place was nice as it was perfectly set for photo-sessions. He asked me to sit, and asked me for coffee on which he was insisted saying that "it is the first time you are coming to my home, and given your gorgeous and perfect features, I am actually surprised. You must have a coffee before we start". I agreed and we had coffee. The coffee was hard but was really good in taste. We had chit chat about my past, his past, his past of job etc. After about half an hour, we started. 
I was already in dress suitable for modelling and hence we started right away. He asked me to sit on a Pot on which I was scared that it might get broken. It was a big one. (I have attached the photos) He laughed and told me that it was not of soil and is designed for this purpose. I sat over it and then he took a photo of mine. After that, he asked me to put both of my hands on my laps. I did so and he clicked another few pictures from different angles. Then he asked me to give a pose while holding head with hand, which I gave and he took a closeup picture. Then he said frankly "You know Trisha, the audience is actually interested in the beauty of inside and not just outer beauty. So how about you remove your jacket and we click a few pics then. Your top seems to be pretty enough. Hence I removed my jacket, and while I was doing it, he took another few pictures of mine. Then he asked to let my hairs fall and bow towards the camera while holding the pot, so I did that and he took another few pics. 
After this, I really surprised when he came closer to me, and said that, to be frank Trisha, even you know that modelling is not just about simple photographs, but you exposing your beauty of inside matters too. Hence if you really want to have fat chances of getting selected as a model, you have to expose your body. So if you don't mind it, should we take a few photographs of you without your clothes. I can promise that it will not be posted anywhere, but will remain with either me or those who will select you.
I first hesitated, but then I did know that this might be required, as I have heard about such things, so I had a mind set prepared for this. It told him that it was ok with me. He asked me to remove my panty and bra and wear pant back again and that I can use bathroom for that. I did so and returned. Then he asked me to open the button of pants and then slowly remove my top so I started doing it, and he went back to his camera and started taking photographs. In the first one, my stomach was exposed and a little bit of my bush of pussy. In the second one, my boobs were exposed.
Then I was topless and he took a few pics after which he asked me to turn around and show my hips. When I did that he took another few pictures. This went on and he kept taking pictures in different possess of me topless and a little bit of my bush of pussy exposed. (For better imagination of the whole situation I have uploaded some uncensored photos so you can view them).
Then, he said that it was enough. But I could clearly see his dick was totally in full erection, as the outline through his pant could be clearly seen. Even I was feeling wet now. So I gently and slowly walked towards him, and then, I went further, so close that my boobs were pushing his chest, and his dick was touching near my pussy. Then I moaned "aaaaahhhh". He knew where it was going, so he also started to hold my boobs, and then his other hand turned me, in such a manner that my he was now behind me. Then with both of his hands he started squeezing my boobs. Then I placed my hand on his dick, and grabbed it. He used his right hand to put it under my pant. He started rubbing his hand against my busy of pussy and I was getting turned on. I was totally wet now so I turned and started smooching him. He slide his finger inside my pussy and stared to rub the interiors.
Then he suggested to "Let us bath together". I agreed as I wanted to try that. We went to his bathroom, and started smooching each other, and then removing other left clothes. Soon we both were naked and smooching, while holding me in his arms, he took me beside shower and started it, while smooching as well. Soon we both were wet, and our wet bodies were rubbing against each other. There, he pushed me towards wall, left a leg of mine and placed it on his shoulder, and held me from my hips. Then he inserted his big cock inside my vagina, and when all of it went inside, I realized that it was the biggest penis I had inside me. It pained a bit, but the feeling of it inside me, rubbing my vagina and sort of massaging it was amazing and unexplainable. Then he started moving his penis in and out, and after while doing that, he was also sucking my boobs. His hands were squeezing my hips while one of his finger was teasing my ass. I got excited and almost started shouting out of pleasure "Oh god aaah ! aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah ! aaaaaaaaaah !!!! aah !!! aaa aaaaaaaaaa!".
Then he took me on himself, i.e lifted me through my hips, and I held him with my legs around him. He closed the shower and took me to his bed room. Then since his penis was inside my pussy, he started making me jump over it, and it was all in his control. He gave me a few really painful yet a lot pleasurable strokes after which he placed me on bed and came over me. He started smooching again and his penis was inside me, fucking me. It was a lot of pleasure to feel every moment of it. It went on for about 30 minutes while his penis was rubbing against almost all sides and everywhere inside my pussy. Then he cummed inside me. I could literally feel the temperature of his hot cum and its thickness inside me. He then took out his dick and my pussy couldn't take all of his cum so some of it came out. Then we lied there, while his body was over mine and I could feel the weight of his chest, and could feel his muscles. Then after about half an hour, I realized that it was time when I was supposed to be at home and was getting late. Hence I told him about it and he told me that it was a great pleasure and that he was sure that I will get chance in modelling world.
I went home and next day he called and told me that I was selected and that I can appear for contests, one of which was after about 2 months. He also told me not to tell anyone about the fact that we had sex together, or atleast not to expose his name. I agreed. He also said that I wont have to bother about the photos he took, as I will never find them again with anyone, and he sent them to me, and said that the purpose of them is done and I can use them as I wish.
That was an amazing experience, and I went to him after a couple of days and then again, for a several times and we had sex together. But I wont tell story about it as they were not any different than this story, however after about 2 months of this experiences, when I was going to Bhopal for joining back at my college, I met a person in Train, and that was really something. Another story will be about it. Wait for it. &#61514;
