

The music was loud and the crowd was noisy so we had to lean in close to hear each other. Angie put her hand on my knee to support herself as she yelled in my ear, "God, Jan, the joint is really jumping! I don't ever remember seeing so many hot bodies in this place before!"

I nodded as I looked around at all the writhing figures in the dim light on the dance floor with the strobe light making them look like robots as they swirled and jerked in time to the rock beat. One sexy girl had on a micro mini and every time she bumped and ground her hips at her partner her buns flashed out from under the hem and made my heart jump and my skin get warm between my legs as Angie ran her hand up and down my thigh, unconsciously, as she too looked all around at the action.

I put my hand over Ang's and she looked at me and grinned as I pushed down and pulled her hand higher on my warming thigh. She leaned in close again giving me a good look down the gaping front of her dress at her firm breasts and long hard nipples and shot her tongue out and flicked my ear as she said, "Hey, horny, you getting all hot and bothered already? God, we only just got here, Jan, cool it, okay?"

I giggled and took a sip of my drink as she stared at me with those beautiful green eyes and it was all I could do to keep from throwing her on the bar and raping her on the spot. She laughed and squeezed my leg and a little shock wave shot up my spine and I shuddered like I always do when she touches me anywhere. I turned toward her and my little see through dress rode up my legs until it barely hid my naked little cunt beneath the hem. She looked down and licked her lips and made a kissy motion with her cute mouth and I nearly lost it right then. She turns me on so much!

As I locked gazes with her she ran her fingers up my thigh and grazed my cunt lips lightly and I jerked and almost fell off my bar stool. She giggled again and leaned over and kissed the side of my mouth and licked me lightly with her tongue which made my cunt start to leak and I clinched my legs tight to keep it from dripping out. She eased her hand up higher and wiped the drop of milky juice off my swelling little labia, and I shuddered and held onto her hand tight as tremors ran up my body.

I panted, "I thought you said to cool it, meany! You aren't helping me at all, you know?" She laughed and licked my juices off the tips of her fingers and then sipped her drink and ran the tip of her tongue around over her lip gloss making it shine in the flashing lights. I couldn't stand it any longer so I leaned over fast and kissed her hard, and she blinked at me in shock as I tried to force my tongue into her sweet little mouth. Then she closed her eyes and opened for me and sucked my tongue as she twined hers around it and moaned softly. Then she moved it around to the underside of my upper teeth like she does when she has it deep inside me searching for my G spot and I jerked and gasped as I felt the orgasm start.

I sucked like crazy as my body shook and jerked from the first contraction of my pelvic muscles, and she shot her hand back up under my dress, which by now was almost up to my waist, and pushed down on my throbbing clit as the next and the next shook me hard. Her fingers found my opening and my clit throbbed as she flicked it over and over softly and then ran her fingers up and down between my inner lips driving me even higher in my orgasmic state, and I threw my head back and gasped loudly as I came over and over.

I opened my eyes as the shudders subsided, and the bartender was smirking at me and exchanging knowing looks with the other one as Angie grinned and ordered another round. I wiped the sweat from my forehead and looked at my little lover and she laughed and said, "Oh God, Jan, you look like you got run over by a truck, honey! Let's go get you cleaned up."

We got up and went into the bathroom and I looked in the mirror and laughed out loud as Angie grinned at me. My hair was a mess so I brushed it out and wiped my face and lower body up under my dress until I was all good as new again. All the time Angie watched me and I could tell she was getting turned on when I ran the towel up under the hem of my dress and wiped my wet little cunt lips. "Hey, Ang, you like what you are staring at, hunh? Come over here and I'll let you lick it off if you want." Then I laughed and let the hem fall back in place and I punched her lightly on her shoulder. She laughed as she punched me back and then she hugged me tight and kissed me. Then we took one last look in the mirror at the two little sexy girls grinning at each other and went back out to the main room.

As the hour got later the place began to quiet somewhat and the crowd dispersed so there were only a few couples still on the dance floor. There were a few at the little tables holding hands and talking in low voices as Angie and I got up and moved onto the floor to dance. We swirled around each other and bumped butts and giggled as the others watched and grinned at our silly antics. We were laughing and playing grab ass as the sweat began to roll off our gyrating little bodies and my see through dress was quickly becoming transparent in the dim glow of the lights.

Angie slid close and threw her arms around my neck and shoved her hips hard against my mound as she whispered in my ear, "Oh, God, Jan, I'm getting so turned on watching you dance that I'm wetting myself! I want to make love to you right here in front of everybody, and you might as well be naked for all the good that dress is doing you. I can see your hard nipples and your butt crack and your little shaved cunt clearly, so I know all these people are getting a really good look at you, too!"

I shuddered and clung to her as I felt her hot little body scorch me through the fabric of our clothes. Her long nipples were stabbing through the flimsy material into mine as she rubbed back and forth and my cunt was dripping so bad I felt it oozing down the insides of my hot thighs. She leaned back and I could see her naked breasts and the stiff little towers in the gap in her cleavage and she grinned at me when she saw where I was looking. When I looked around at all the girls sitting and ogling us my own nipples got harder and my swollen breasts were about to burst from knowing I was showing them everything.

The bartenders were standing in the light of the bar and pointing at us, and then one headed toward us. I motioned to Ang and she stepped back as the girl approached, and I knew we were going to get busted for sure this time. She was a large well built girl and towered over us as she said, "Hey, ladies, it's getting a little wild here, isn't it? Might want to cool off for a bit and have a drink or something? This isn't a sex bar, and the patrons are all regulars, so I need the business, as much as I am enjoying the show you sexy little things are putting on for our benefit," she chuckled, "If you want to continue wait until later and we'll close the door and you can let loose as much as you want. I would love to watch you, as would Katie over there behind the bar."

Angie glared at her for a moment and I was sure she was going to let loose and kick some butt, but then she simmered down and shrugged as she looked at me. I reached out and squeezed her hand and nodded, and we said okay and went back over to our barstools and sat down. I was still pumped from the dancing as was Ang, and we giggled and jabbered at each other until we calmed down a little. Then she kissed me and the bartender nodded and smiled at us and went back to serve the others again.

"God, Jan that was so hot!" Angie giggled. 

"I know, I was so turned on and dripping and wanted you so bad!" I replied, as I squeezed her hand again. "What do you think; want to put on an exhibition tonight?"

"You know me, lover, always ready for you any time anywhere you want me, okay? And since everybody here has seen almost all of you already, all that's left is for me to rip my own dress off and we are good to go for the `naked, fuck each other like crazy' thingy," She giggled, as she squeezed me back. That got us laughing like mad until we had tears in out eyes.

The bartender came back down and grinned at us breaking up, and then set two drinks on the bar and said, " These are courtesy of those two ladies sitting by the dance floor over there." We both turned around to look to see who had sent us the drinks and Angie and I both gasped when we saw two stunning girls waving at us.

`Wow, Jan, they are gorgeous! And that redhead could be a model without even trying!"

"Yeah, and the brunette isn't any less gorgeous either."

"Want to go over there? Might prove interesting?"

The bartender had been listening and said,  " Those two are some of my regulars, and are sweet girls. I'll vouch for them any day, so feel safe in going over, okay?"

Angie smirked and said, "Hey, bartender, I can take care of both of us, so don't you worry about a thing, all right! I only backed off from kicking your ass because you were civil to us and looked like a nice lady."

The bartender stared at her for a minute and Angie's eyes sparked with that fire I have seen very rarely. I held my breath until the big girl finally nodded and said, "Hmm, I believe maybe you can at that. Okay," she laughed, "go for it tiger. I like a little fireball with spunk; you are all right in my book." She clapped Angie on the shoulder, and the fire went out in Angie's eyes, and she grinned and they high fived over the bar.

We picked up our drinks and walked over to the table and introduced ourselves to the two pretty ladies, and they told us to please join them, so we pulled up chairs and sat down. "Hi," the redhead said, "I'm Jenny, and this fiery Italian beauty is Gia, my lover. We were watching you two dancing and it was so hot that we both were literally dripping with lust. I take it you have been together for a while?"

"Yeah, since we were fourteen years old, and we're about to turn twenty one next month. We met at a nudist camp in California, and have been pretty much inseparable ever since," I answered.

"Wow, how wild! That sounds like a great story, love to hear about it sometime," The one named Gia said, "Jenny and I met online and have been lovers for almost two years now."

"Cool!" Angie piped in as she curled her fingers into mine and looked at me with that little impish grin that says she is up to something either sexy or dangerous, depending on her mood. I raised my eyebrows questioningly at her, and she giggled as she ran her hand up my leg under the little round table and pushed her fingers into my wet slit. The two ladies also looked at her and then saw her arm moving and glanced at each other with big grins, too.

"So how about a few drinks more?" the redhead asked as I saw her hand reach into her purse, I supposed for money. We nodded as Angie backed off for a bit and we tipped the ones we had and drank them down, which combined with the others was making my nerve endings sing louder and louder, and the heat from the blood flow was starting to swell my cunt lips and breasts, so I folded my arms across my chest to hide my stiffening nubbins poking up under the almost clear front of my dress.

Gia noticed what I was doing and reached over to pull my arms down saying, "Relax, sweetie, we love to look at boobies, and your perky ones are to die for, so please don't hide them, okay?" I blushed and lowered my arms as both of them stared right at my tight nipples now straining to get free of the thin cloth holding them in. Angie giggled and then reached up with her free hand and pinched one of them and tugged on it as she snaked her fingers once more up my leg and into my now dripping cunt and I jerked in my seat as the orgasm hit me so hard I gasped and almost choked as the contraction hit. I held onto the table with white knuckles as the next two waves washed over me and I panted and groaned as my little strappy sandals did a staccato beat on the floor under the table because my legs were vibrating so badly.

Luckily I didn't squirt this time but juice still ran down the chair onto the barroom floor as Angie fingered me into another huge orgasm before letting up on me. I looked at our table mates and they were staring with their mouths hanging open, totally shocked at my cumming so fast and hard with so little foreplay. I sighed at the release and held onto Angie's arm as I told them about my nerve endings problem, and the fact that it took very little touching to send me into orbit and make me cum wildly.

"That is so cool," Jenny said, "so can anyone do it to you? Or does it happen only when it's your cute little lover doing you?"

Angie said, "Nope. Anyone can do it to her, she is just so sensitive to inputs that it trips something in her brain and wham, she cums again, just like that!" as she snapped her fingers in the air, and the two ladies stared at me in awe, making me very self conscious and embarrassed, so I blushed really bad, and wrung my napkin between my fingers and bit my lower lip as I stared at the table. I was afraid to make eye contact for fear that it might set me off again from the lust in their eyes. Sometimes that is all it takes. That, or my reading erotic stories or writing them can get the same results.

Gia patted my shoulder and then let her hand drift down over my breast and I gasped and clenched my legs tight to keep an orgasm at bay. It is sometimes my only way to avoid it, but won't always work every time. Angie's eyes flashed and I didn't even see her hand move, but it was on Gia's wrist and pulling it away from my dress so fast that everybody was stunned and Gia winced from the tight iron grip that my little lover had on her arm.

Jenny jerked and kicked back on her chair as Angie was on her feet instantly and looming over Gia, still holding her wrist in a vice and bending her fingers back at a grotesque angle. "Never, ever, touch her without her permission, got it?" Angie growled like a mother lion protecting her cub. Gia grimaced in pain and then nodded. Angie released her grip and then sat back down, as cool as if nothing had ever happened.

The silence in the room told me that everybody had seen the incident and were all shocked at how fast and furious Angie had been in protecting me. Slowly the conversations resumed and Angie apologized to Gia for overreacting, and we started to talk again as Gia looked at me with new found respect, though the lust was still there big time. We all had another round and were all getting a good buzz on when the bartender yelled last call and Gia went up to get our last order for the night.

By now the outburst was all but forgotten, and we were all laughing and drunk and having a great time. One of the other tables joined up with ours and we all toasted and drank and giggled loudly at our stories as we told them to each other. The bartender turned out the strobe light and turned on the overhead lights and then came over with her friend Katie and sat with us and tipped back their beers and joined in the raucous laughter and giggling.

The bartender, who had finally told us her name was Ginger, looked at me and then dropped her eyes to my nipples which were clearly visible now in the brighter lights, and she licked her lips and panted so my cunt started getting warm along with my thighs under her intense scrutiny. I was feeling no pain and my nerves were acting up again so I leaned back and stretched my arms over my head to let her get a really good look as my breasts strained against the dress, and my nipples swelled and almost ripped the fabric, they were so hard! She gasped and licked her lips, then took a really good swig of her beer and said, "Damn, girl, you are making me so wet here. God, you are something else!"

I noticed out of the corner of my eye that Jenny was dropping some sort of powder into my glass and Angie's, but just assumed it was just probably some coke or something like that, and didn't think any more about it, until the lights started getting blurry and the room started to turn slowly. I grabbed Angie's hand and she looked cross-eyed at me, and then her eyes closed and she slumped against me, out cold. I sat her back up in her chair and then the lights started to dim in my head and I, too, felt like I was about to pass out.

But then something strange happened! All of a sudden my clit was on fire, and my cunt lips were swelling like crazy, and throbbing, and my nipples were getting huge as I looked down at them in a haze, unable to figure out why I was getting so turned on. Angie slid off her chair and sprawled on the floor as I felt the fire spread up my body and then rockets went off behind my eyeballs and I got an all consuming urge to rip my dress off and finger myself to a raging orgasm. I stood up, and weaved back from the table and lifted my see through dress off over my head and then kicked my strappy sandals off and felt the cool wood floor on the bottoms of my feet as I began to sway to the music coming out of the jukebox in the corner.

As I gyrated slowly the lights seem to dim and then a spotlight came on above me bathing my white little body in bright light and I squinted to see where it was coming from. But just as quickly I forgot what I was trying to figure out as the urge
 reentered my brain and I ran my hands all up and down my sweat soaked little body as I jerked my hips back and forth to the Bolero music.

As the beat slowly increased so did the heat and throbbing until I was jerking around the floor trying to shove my fingers ever deeper up my gaping little cunt while I kneaded my breasts and tugged my nipples way out from my heaving chest so they hurt like crazy, and even that felt fantastic as I finger fucked my cunt and gasped over and over for air. My hands were a blur as I furiously fucked myself until I screamed as a gigantic orgasm yanked me back and forth and contractions doubled me over again and again as I spurted long streams of cum out all over the floor in front of my gyrating little body. I cupped my hands and spread the juices all over my swollen cunt lips and in between, and then up over my tummy and over my stiff nipples. The cool air blowing over the moisture made my nipples ache and my breasts seemed to swell even more.

As the aphrodisiac that Jenny had put in my drink worked it's magic in my veins I threw myself on the floor and then shoved my fingers up my rear end and up my cunt and fucked both hands faster and faster as I bucked up off the floor over and over until I gasped one last time, then shrieked, "Oh God, I'm cummiiiing!" and once again I sprayed the floor around me with my juices until my body ran out of fluids, and then I passed out in my pool of cum.

"Jan, Jan, wake up honey!" I heard someone calling me through the haze and I tried to focus but my eyes wouldn't work right and all I could see was a blurry outline of somebody leaning over me and slapping my face over and over. Slowly I began to focus and saw Angie looking down at me with tears in her eyes, apparently thinking I was dead or something. I tried to grin and I couldn't seem to move my mouth. Then my head began to clear and I tried to sit up and Angie, said, "Thank God, Jan, I thought you were gone. You stopped breathing for a second and I gave you mouth to mouth resuscitation until you finally came around."

"Where am I?" I slurred as I looked around at the pool of juices I was lying in. "Is this all mine? My God, how did I come that much? What the heck happened to me?"

"Jenny slipped you some heavy stuff in your drink and mine, too, but my system is more immune to that sort of stuff so I recovered in time to see you going berserk fucking yourself. Then you collapsed and passed out and I was so worried. You scared the crap out of me, honey, I was sure I had lost you forever!"

"But where is everybody? I only see you here now," I asked, as I stared at her.

"They tore out of here, thinking that you were dead and they would be implicated somehow," Angie said as she helped me to my feet, "The bar is empty. Even the bartenders took off without locking the place, they were so scared. Of course the fact that I threatened to kick everybody's asses might have had something to do with it!" she giggled, as she helped me pull my dress on over my head. 

I hugged her and she kissed me hard, and then we staggered out the door into the early morning fog from the lake that always comes in to cool things off in the summertime here. She helped me into the car, and then drove us home, and we collapsed on my bed and fell asleep in each others arms.









