A bimbofied duplicator heroine is taken advantage of.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Talents - Meta-Stacy (MF, nc, oral, impreg, viol)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

The World of Talents should remind you of many other fantasy worlds with superheroes, magic, and cosmic powers, except with a Krosis twist...

---

"More! More, Stacy!"

Meta-Stacy concentrated, the slim green-haired young woman pushing her talent to its limit as she created more duplicates of herself, each one wearing a copy of her skin-tight yellow and green Tyt-Weave(tm) uniform as they split off from her body and rushed into the fray.

As more and more doppelgangers separated from her awareness, she could also feel her brain power declining. A few duplicates were fine, but she had just created dozens to throw at their adversary, a demonic force that had possessed a college teacher and given the man incredible power, as well as a driving need to hurt others. As she watched the many copies of her rushing forward to restrain the bedeviled man, she saw other members of the Justice Warriors get tossed around like ragdolls. She had to help overwhelm it!

Finally, she sagged back against the wall of a campus building. She had created probably over a hundred duplicates, and she watched them through half-lidded eyes, her mind whirling. She looked to the side, at who had been urging her on. Oh, right, she thought, Air Raid, the hero who usually protected her prime body while her doppelgangers did their thing. She admired the man's ass in his skin-tight blue-and-white uniform and sighed as she remembered that he was gay.

"Shit," Air Raid commented as he saw a dozen copies of Meta-Stacy get knocked back, several slamming hard into objects like cars and lamp posts. He looked back at Stacy prime, and then back to the fight. He hopped on the balls of his feet, his body full of energy. "Um...you good, Stace?"

"Hm? Oh, yeah, AR."

"I'm gonna help. You stay put, right?" He paused for her nod and then flew forward using his talent of controlling the air. She watched as he used buffeting winds to keep several of her doppelgangers from getting seriously hurt or killed as they were tossed about by demonic force.

"Psst!"

Meta-Stacy looked over and saw a man beckoning her from around the next corner. She wrinkled her brow...he looked familiar. She staggered over to him.

"Hiya, Stacy."

Upon hearing his voice, she smiled. "Gord! Gord Blevins! I haven't seen you since..." she paused, having trouble with her recall.

"Since college," the tall brown-haired man reminded her.

She grinned vacuously. "Oh my God! Small world. What're you doin' here?" She was distracted for a moment by a loud sound behind her, but before she could turn, Gord retreated around the corner. "Gord?" She followed him.

He was still backing up. "Stace, I'd really like to catch up with you...will you come with me?"

"Um..." Wasn't she supposed to be doing something important? she wondered. She couldn't quite place what it was. "...sure!"

She followed him into one of the dorm buildings. "You're still in college?" she asked him.

He looked back at her with a handsome grin. "This is my final year. It's only been three years since your talent activated and you left to be a hero."

She felt a little sad about that. She and Gord had been a couple...he had actually taken her virginity, which had somehow activated her talent to multiply. He had been supremely shocked to see another version of her, also naked, suddenly in bed with them. While for some men that would have been a dream come true, Gord had freaked out and ran away. Stacy had been approached shortly thereafter by the government, which led to her...

She stumbled into Gord's back, breaking her chain of thought.

"Here we are!" He opened a door, revealing a dorm room similar to the one he had lived in when they were going out. Stacy's face reddened at the reminder of their sexual connection. "C'mon, have a seat." He sat down on his bed and patted the spot next to him.

She sat beside him, feeling self-conscious.

"Stacy?"

She turned to him and he kissed her. She was surprised, but returned it after a moment, her breathing speeding up.

He looked her in the eyes. "I've really missed you. Will you give me another chance?"

She hadn't been with another man since Gord, her new life being so busy and chaotic that she hadn't been able to form the strong emotional bond she needed to trust someone with her body, and their first time had been cut short. In her bimbo-fied mental state, everything lined up just right. They could finally have their first time together!

"Yes! Oh, yes!" She flung her arms around her ex and hugged him close. She could feel him kissing her neck, which made her whole body tingle with excitement and anticipation.

---

Back at the fight, Air Raid tried some focused air blasts on the possessed man's face. Normally those would have knocked out a horse, but the enemy just smiled at him with black, red-pupiled eyes as he hurled another few copies of Meta-Stacy across the quad.

---

"How do I...?" Gord asked as he struggled to get Stacy's uniform off. It seemed to be stuck to her skin.

"Oh, just a sec...I remember..." She reached down to her symbol, a silhouette of multiple overlapping females where a belt buckle would be if she was wearing a belt, and twisted it. 'Left, right, left, left, right,' she recited in her head, and then there was a click. The fabric of her Tyt-Weave(tm) outfit released itself from her body and became loose and slack.

"Cool!" Gord commented as he helped her pull the fabric of her top away from her shoulders. Then he was massaging her B-cup breasts through her sports bra.

"Oh, Gord..." she moaned.

Soon, he managed to pull the rest of the futuristic fabric from her fit body. Her bra was off now, and he pulled her panties down before doffing his own clothes.

Just as I remember, she realized as she saw his firm body. Gord had been in the volleyball team when they were in college together, so was in good shape.

"Let me..." He moved his face between her legs and lapped at her pussy.

She gasped in pleasure. He never did this before! she realized. Well, it had been years, so he had probably learned a thing or two since. She was looking forward to finding out what else he'd learned.

His tongue dipped between her pussy lips and she gasped in pleasure. Soon, he was licking at her clit after it came out to play.

"Oh wow, Gord...you're really good at thattt...uhh...uhHUHH!" She arched her hips, pressing her clit into his face as she came. She shook in pleasure as the orgasm washed over her overheated body, and then he was kissing her, having quickly moved up her body while she was cumming.

In an instant, he was inside her, her very wet pussy offering little resistance. "Ohh! Oh myyy..." she moaned as his erection invaded her core. Unlike her first time, it didn't hurt, as her maidenhead was long gone, having been claimed by him years ago.

Finally! she exulted. They were having the sex that had been cut off when her talent had manifested years ago. She wouldn't accidentally create another doppelganger this time, as she was fresh out, because...? She was having trouble concentrating.

Then she realized something was different from her first time. "Gord, weren't you...bigger...before?" She remembered having trouble taking all of him that first time.

He slowed his thrusts. "Bigger? Oh...uhh...you mean like this?"

Suddenly she felt his member expand inside her. "Oh! Yes, that's more like it!" Dimwitted as she currently was, she didn't question what had just happened, or the fact that he was fucking her without a condom. She wrapped her legs about Gord's waist as he plundered her unprotected pussy.

Gord thrust faster, and she felt like his member was somehow pressing even deeper inside her. She could feel another orgasm rising from there, and hugged her ex tighter.

Finally, he thrust home and grunted. Stacy felt his member throb as he came deep inside her, which then set off her own orgasm.

"Uhhuuuhh!" she moaned and shook as her unprotected insides were inseminated, Gord's sperm blasting her cervix as it opened and closed in time with the waves of orgasmic pleasure washing over her body.

Gord pulled out and gave her a kiss. "Awesome, babe. I'll call you, okay?" Then he quickly redressed and left.

She slowly came back to her limited senses. "But isn't this your room?" she called after him, but he was gone.

As she pulled her panties back up her legs, she giggled as Gord's warm sperm spilled out of her. "Oopsie!" Then she refastened her bra, pulled on her uniform, and reactivated the weave, making it instantly skin-tight again. She should probably head out...somewhere, she thought dazedly.

---

Finally, the possessed man was trapped under the dozens of copies of Meta-Stacy, gnashing his sharp teeth and snarling. Air Raid concentrated and pulled the air from the demon's lungs, careful not to accidentally turn them inside-out as he did so. After a couple minutes of continued thrashing, their foe finally lost consciousness and stopped moving. As they watched, his face returned to a human state, and Air Raid released his talent, allowing the senseless man to breathe again.

The hero looked around the battlefield and then back at where he had left Meta-Stacy prime. She was gone! "Fuck..." He flew up to get a bird's-eye view, and spotted her a block away, wandering aimlessly.

"Stacy!" he dropped next to her, startling the witless heroine. "You okay?"

"Oh, Air Raid, yeah, I'm good. What's up?" She gave him a bubble-headed smile.

He walked her back to the fight zone where the rest of her duplicates were milling about aimlessly, now that their purpose had been fulfilled.

"C'mere, girls!" Meta-Stacy prime called out, and her doppelgangers moved in. She reabsorbed copy after copy, her mind experiencing a discordant rush of memories as each one reintegrated. She was very confused when the live ones were all done, but Air Raid knew that she wasn't finished...there were the dead ones as well, the unfortunate few who had fallen the wrong way when thrown, or had their throats crushed or neck cut or snapped by the demon when it got a firm hold on them. She screamed after reabsorbing each one, experiencing each death anew. When she had first started her hero career, she hadn't known that she had to reabsorb her dead copies to reclaim their mental energy, and the result had been her declining mental state. The copies had remained, though, and it had been a bizarre day when she realized this grisly need.

Finally, she collapsed, and Air Raid caught her. This was the worst he'd ever seen, and he knew from past experience that she would be out of action for weeks. She wouldn't remember much of what had happened that day due to the extreme amount of copies she had to reabsorb, not to mention the repressed trauma of so many doppelganger deaths. He didn't envy her the headache she would have.

---

A few weeks later, when Stacy tried to create a doppelganger, nothing happened. She struggled to get her talent to work, but something seemed to be blocking her. After a visit to a doctor who specialized in Talents, the cause was found: she was pregnant! The presence of the fetus living within her body was somehow blocking her ability.

While she couldn't remember exactly what had happened, she recalled flashes of someone making love to her; someone she liked, though not who. Stacy had grown up in a strict Christian household...she would never have contemplated abortion, even with the strange circumstances of the child's conception. She retired from the Justice Warriors to become a single mother. While her ability returned after the baby was born, she would never again return as a full-time hero.

---

Gord pulled out his phone and dialed as he walked away from campus.

"Is it done?"

"Yes sir," he said as his features morphed into another man's, less handsome. "She was there, just like you said, and she recognized ol' Gord. Man, she was so fuckin' dumb, it was sad...easy pickings. She didn't even clue in when I made my dick bigger, or when I extended it to make sure I shot my load right into her womb."

The voice on the phone chuckled, "Excellent. Once Meta-Stacy revealed her secret identity to the world last year, it took only a little effort to find her old boyfriend and extract from him sufficient details for your charade, Morphus. Tracking her period was a little more difficult, as was making sure that the Infernus Tome fell into that teacher's hands on the right day in order to manufacture the scenario we needed. Soon, the Justice Warriors will be down a key player, and we will be sure to capitalize on that."

"Yeah, yeah...just wire me my money, please." Morphus checked his banking app. "Never mind, I see it's there now. Pleasure doing business with you."

He hung up and switched over to his video app as he walked. Replaying his seduction of the sexy superhero, he felt his cock getting hard again. Time to go find some other hot chick and pretend that I'm her boyfriend, I think, he told himself as he headed into town.

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)