Why?
By julesteve

Part 3

More office fun with Fay.

The Monday following our adventures on Friday had been busy, and I still needed to catch up with Fay. I hadn't heard from her the weekend, so I wanted to know if she had regrets. As I switched on my computer and sorted my desk, I checked my messages and saw that there was already one from her. She apologised for not getting in touch, then said she'd loved our fun, finishing with an emoji smile and wink.

I was about to reply when another message popped up...'I don't think I'd have the nerve if I didn't ask now. And I was unsure how to ask, but if possible, I would love to be in on the action next time you tease.'

'Can you stay after five? If you can, I will get our friend to stay.' I replied with an emoji wink. The dice were now thrown. It was up to Fay. The phone rang, and it was on to business, but the excitement of later possibilities lingered. I first asked the office junior if he had anything planned that evening, as I'd like his help after hours. He said he'd be okay with working late, and I could tell from his nervousness that he hoped it wouldn't involve office work.

Honestly, I was an excitable wreck by five when everyone was leaving. I was hoping Fay would come to my office as planned, wondering if she might be nervous and pull out last second. Soon enough, there was a knock on my door, and there Fay stood, smiling. I'd not seen her all day, as she'd been working on another floor, and I was surprised to see her wearing an extremely short pencil skirt. I'd never seen her in one that short before. She noticed my surprise and said with a smile. 'Your fault.'

What the hell had happened to this lovely lady? And after just one experience of being an exhibitionist. She saw the smile on my face and added. 'You don't think I was going to let you get away with being the only lady showing leg from now on, did you?'

I had no answer other than, 'just leg?' Which made her laugh.

She turned and raised the hem of her skirt, showing bare cheeks and said. 'Maybe a little more. I bought some thongs too.' And it was my turn to laugh.

'How are we doing this? she asked. 'Because I'd like our friend to see me this time.' She hesitated, then said. 'I'd like to watch him cum on me like he did on you.'

'Well, grab that chair, and I will use mine; we can position them by the window. Junior can stand between us enjoying himself, then move to you when he's about to cum.' Pointing to the office opposite, I said, 'maybe we will have an audience as we did before.'

She nodded excitedly, and there was a timid knock. I let our audience in and then made sure the door was locked. We stood by our seats, and I told junior where to stand. Without much prompting, he unbuckled his belt, drew down his zipper and dropped his trousers, pulling his cock through the fly of his boxers, already stiffening.

Fay hesitated momentarily, staring at him, then unfastened her skirt and stepped out of it. She was wearing a pair of tiny thong panties. At the sight of them, junior stroked his cock, which was already hardening to full size, and I had to remind him to slow down. My skirt was pleated and flared, sitting above mid-thigh. I reached under and, in one swift movement, pulled my underwear to my ankles, and then slowly, the skirt followed. I enjoyed teasing him by turning to the side until I was naked from the waist down and then turned with my palm over my pussy, keeping it from his gaze.

Fay took a breath and removed her thong. Stepping out of it, she revealed a pussy which I could only describe as pretty, with no lips hanging, waxed clean, everything showing as she lifted each foot. And I wondered if she realised how much of her intimate parts junior had just seen. His mouth was open, a clear tear of goo oozing from the swollen head of his cock as he squeezed it tight, caught up in the sight of her wonders. She glanced over, blushing a little. We smiled at each other and sat in our respective chairs. Following my lead, she opened her legs and touched herself. Junior's cock was already standing at full mast by then, and he was masturbating while looking between Fay and me.

I held back, burying any urgency to orgasm, although I was extremely wet and turned on. Keeping away from my clit, my fingers lightly brushing my pussy, I slowly brought myself to heightened sensitivity, halting my movements when I felt the need to use a finger inside myself. Letting the feeling subside, then building it back. It was a delicious torture, but I wanted to see Fay and junior cum first.

Fay was panting like crazy. I watched her alternate between dipping a finger and then dragging it out and up to circle her clit, repeating the movement in reverse. Then rubbing along her lips while tickling her clit with a single finger of her other hand. She glanced at me and gasped huskily. 'I'm too close already. I can feel an orgasm coming.'

Before I could reply, Junior said, 'Same here. I can't hold on.' This made my pussy damper, but I stopped and sat forward, urging junior to stand between her knees. 'Cum together.' I said. 'She wants you to do it on her.'

He nodded, and Fay rubbed her pussy a little faster. Her short sharp breaths showed that she was on the edge as junior pumped his cock, leaning forward over her, steadying himself on the arm of the chair. Suddenly Fay gave a yelp, shuddering as she came, lifting her hips as streams of spunk hit Fay between her legs, covering the fingers she was using on herself. The mess rubbed in and over her pussy.

Seeing this was too much, and I came instantly masturbating to a shattering orgasm, the wetness between my legs soaking my fingers. Finally, I slumped back, gasping and looked over. I was surprised to see Fay with her legs wide, pussy spread for junior to see everything. Her breathing heavy, her chest rising and falling, excited at being 'on show.'

We glanced at each other, and she smiled. I looked at her pussy hungrily with a sudden desire to kiss her there. She didn't notice, her eyes not leaving juniors cock as he cleaned himself up from the box of tissues on my desk. As soon as he'd tucked himself away, I said. 'Thank you, see you soon.' And he left the office, taking my usual subtle hint that he was no longer required.

'That was awesome! I loved him doing it on me as I rubbed myself.' Fay exclaimed breathlessly.

'No kidding.' I replied, adding. 'You have a beautiful pussy.' Then more cautiously. 'I just want to lap it up.'

She looked at me, head tilted to one side, and I could see she was thinking. At that point, I thought she would use the tissues and wet wipes to clean up the secretions between her legs, put her clothes back on, and leave. But instead, she hesitantly asked. 'Is that something you've done before?'

'Rarely, but you look so delicious, and I bet you taste incredible.' I answered honestly.

Fay quietly said. 'I had never thought about a woman touching me before...you know.' Her skin seemed to glow as she flushed, referring to last Friday when I had fingered her in front of an audience of office workers watching secretly from the building opposite.

Taking that as an answer, I knelt, pushing her legs apart, and without hesitation, not wanting her to have second thoughts, touched my tongue to her lips. She didn't pull away, so I trailed it along her slit, tasting her excitement and junior's cum.

Fay lifted her hips as I pushed my lips to her and sucked at her soft silkiness, my tongue invading the velvety depths.

Before long, she shuddered and tensed, warm wetness coating my lips as she hit orgasm. 'No more, please.' she begged, her pussy becoming too sensitive. But I ignored her, adding a finger to the silky depths, working it with my tongue to probe and caress. I wouldn't take too long to cum, as I used my index finger to rub around my clit, while teasing and tasting Fay.

She gave that little yelp again, slumped back, panting to another orgasm, now totally uninhibited, groaning in ecstasy, grinding her hips in passion as I used my tongue on her in long hard strokes, my own orgasm making my thighs quiver as I breathed in her delicate scent. My hot, panting breath added to the sensations between her legs.

Soon as we were able, we stood on shaky legs and cleaned ourselves with wet wipes and tissues. Neither of us bothered with underwear, standing naked from the waist down as we looked out over the offices opposite. Eventually, Fay said, 'well, that was another new experience.'

'In a good way?' I asked.

'In a perfect way.' She smiled. 'And I liked him doing it on me too.' Letting me know it was my attention to her that she'd been referring to first.

We dressed in our skirts and hugged before I went to unlock the door. Fay looked puzzled as I laughed and then flushed as I said. 'The door wasn't locked after our friend left. Anybody could have...' I left it at that, knowing her blush was no longer from embarrassment but excitement.

Fay was definitely my fun new friend.


Part 4

More masturbation adventures in the office.

I'd had a busy morning responding to emails; before I realized it, it was lunchtime. Feeling in need of a coffee, I visited the small canteen, meeting Fay there. While waiting for the coffee, I stretched to iron out the kinks from sitting for so long, arching my back and pushing my arms above my head. I noticed a young man from the department where I'd been assigned an office enjoying the show, paying particular attention to my cleavage.

Being me, I winked at Fay and said. 'I'll give him a treat', looked directly at him, popped a button on my blouse, then leaned forwards over the table, my loose neckline gaping, showing more than a hint of my black bra and the smooth flesh it contained.

He was visibly stunned, cup halfway to his mouth. I smiled sweetly, Fay laughed, and we picked up our coffees and made our way back to my office, as I'd requested Fay help me that afternoon, although not intending for us to work. I was feeling naughty, so knowing the guy would be back and forth past my office, I opened the blinds on the side window. It is a corner office. One window faced all the rows of desks in sales, while the other a corridor facing the water cooler and storage cupboards.

It had been chosen as one of the quieter spaces in a busy building for me to sift through anomalies in accounts, tedious work, and extended hours, hence my need for a bit of fun.

Biding my time, I waited until the canteen guy stopped on his travels for a cup of water, as I'd seen him do often.

Gesturing to Fay to stand just out of sight, I bent over my desk with my back to the window, giving him a great view of an inch or so of my thighs that would contrast nicely against my short, dark skirt. Glancing over my shoulder, I saw he was staring into my office. Smiling at Fay, I started swaying my hips as I reached right over the desk, causing my skirt to ride higher so that it flipped up over the bottom curve of my buttocks, showing my panties.

Again glancing back, I could see that I had his full attention. Feeling deliciously dirty, I beckoned Fay over, whispering. 'Want to have fun?'

Her smile told me everything, so I stood behind her, slowly pulled up her skirt, reached a hand between her legs, and touched a finger to the thin strip of material there. It was done quickly, giving him the briefest of looks before letting her skirt drop. I leaned back against the desk, legs parted slightly, and hitched my skirt to show a hint of panties.

Turning my head, I looked directly into Fay's eyes. I began to undo my blouse, revealing my lacy, front-clasping bra. Fay took the hint and started to copy me as I crooked a finger and gestured for the office guy to come to us. He hesitated, then walked towards my office door. I dropped the blinds again as he rounded the corner and entered the office.

Smiling, I gestured for him to lock the door. He did so with shaky, nervous fingers, then, at my invitation, walked over to face us. So far, neither of us had said a word to him. My first was, 'relax' as I took his hand and pressed it to the lacy bra. Leaning close, I could feel the heat coming off his body as I whispered in his ear. 'No talking, just let your hands explore us, as we ask, but we need to be quiet' and squeezed his hand over my breast, gesturing towards the office beyond the blinds. My nipples got hard as he squeezed my breast, softly at first, then a little firmer, almost roughly, as his excitement grew.

Licking his lips nervously, he used his other hand to massage Fay's breasts over her blouse, then, with my guidance, rubbed the inside of Fay's smooth thighs, encouraging his hand higher until our fingers tickled against her cotton-covered crotch.

Fay was breathing a little hard as we let his hands explore, enjoying the moment, his shallow, rapid breathing and amateur fumbling. I felt my pussy get wet as his confidence grew. His fingers strayed over my thigh to my panties, and a quick glance down revealed he was touching Fay the same way. As I opened my legs a little more to allow his fingers access, Fay did the same, both of us leaning back on the desk, just letting his hands wander.

I gently pushed him back and turned around, showing him my back as I let my blouse slowly slip from my shoulders. Fay copied me, hastily undoing her blouse. Unclasping my bra, I turned back towards him as I freed my breasts, Fay turning back in her bra. His eyes were wide, and his trousers had a prominent bulge.

Feeling the need for relief, I hooked my fingers in my panties and, in one swift movement, pulled them down, slowly unzipped my skirt and then sat back on the desk naked, legs crossed.

Fay hesitated momentarily, then unclipped her bra, exposing her perky breasts. With a smile at me, she removed her skirt, slowly peeled off her thong, her back to him, and then sat to my right. His mouth fell open as I moved my left leg out, exposing my pussy. Fay again copied by letting her right knee swing out. Encouraging him to step between us, I said. 'It's okay to touch if you want to.'

Fay gasped as his hands drifted involuntarily over our thighs to feel the wetness between our legs. Watching the nervous movement of his fingers stroking between our legs soon brought me extremely close. I could tell Fay was the same from the way she tilted her head back and let out a little sigh.

Reaching between her thighs, I added my own fingers to his inexperienced hand, moving them in circles around her clit, making Fay shudder, repeating the same guidance between my own legs. It was delicious controlling Fay and this guy.

Knowing I, and I suspected Fay would orgasm soon, I grabbed his hand and guided his finger inside her, using my own, essentially fucking her hard with them until he got the hint, encouraging him to do the same to me.

Suddenly my orgasm hit, and it was all I could do not to shout out. The image of someone bursting in to see a junior clerk furiously masturbating the woman hired to sort accounts and a colleague only excited me further. I reached down, pressing his hand hard, stilling it with his fingers buried deep. I arched my back and bit my lip as my thighs trembled, juices wetting them.

As my breath returned, I turned to the side, reached out and undid his trousers, fumbling a bit with the zip as Fay came close to her orgasm. I reached into extremely damp boxers, wondering if he'd already cum. He gasped as I worked my fingers over the shaft, and I knew he hadn't but wasn't that far off. Encouraging Fay to lay back over the desk, I pushed on her knee, opening her legs wide. I encouraged him to finger fuck her while using my fingers on her clit. At the same time, masturbating him with short hard strokes.

I felt him tense up, and from the way Fay was bucking her hips and squirming knew her orgasm was coming. I worked my fingers against her clit faster, watching the thrill ripple through Fay as her pussy and the finger between them became slick and glistening wet, his finger making little wet sounds.

Suddenly he jerked, stiffened and let out a stifled groan, his cum splashing on Fay's thighs and lower belly until I angled his cock right, covering her pussy.

It took a few moments for them to get their breath back. I passed wet wipes and tissues and watched as they mopped up, regretful there wouldn't be time to taste Fay.

When he had tucked himself away in damp boxers and zipped up, I thanked him and let him out of the office. Fay's eyes widened in disbelief as I briefly opened the door, just enough to let him out as we hadn't yet dressed.

When we had cleaned up and were once again clothed, Fay hugged me and said. 'Thank you for another wonderful experience.' It had been another exciting and daring afternoon in the office, and I knew there would be others. Fay was really getting into the whole exhibitionist thing, and I wondered how far she would go.





