Alice Kingsleigh had not woken up that morning intending to get married. In fact, she had woken up intending to tell Tarrant Hightopp to keep his high-handed and uninvited claims to her schedule to himself. 

As she sits across from him at the table that occupies the balcony of the suite of rooms the Queen had insisted they use for this – their first night spent together as husband and wife – Alice marvels: This Morning... seems like a lifetime ago. 

What had happened? Yet even as she asks herself that question, Alice already knows the answer. Tarrant had happened. He has always had a gift for presenting her with the unexpected. Today had been no different. He had come for her, at the Lobster Quadrille. And then he had run from her on the balcony. He had sat beside her at dinner, growled at her and then made her laugh. He had nearly turned away from her and left her standing on the platform in the Gilded Hall – just as she had done to Hamish Ascot – and it had not been until he ’d consented to touch the Crown that she had understood why. 

The man Loves her. The strength and breadth and depth of it had stolen her breath away. There had been so much tangled up with that emotion she could barely identify it all, but the Love... that had remained steady, sure, a raging fire or a pulsing tidal wave or a gust of wind... A torrent of Adoration. 

She had never known it was possible that anyone could... love like that. She had never really put all that much faith in love despite her parents’ obvious regard for one another. Somehow, she had given up on it... before she had even known what it was. 

Tarrant had stood opposite her, submitting to her scrutiny, and had Shown her what Love is. 

And when the Queen had presented them with the choice of Tying The Knot, Alice had not been able to look into his green, green eyes and turn away. His Love for her... in the mere moments she had felt it, she had allowed it to fill up all of the hollow places in her being. She would have been quite happy to stand there touching the Crown with him until the end of time. Of course, that had not been possible. But then she had stared at the sash that the Queen had unwound from around his top hat and looped over their shoulders. She had considered the two ends. With one knot, he could be hers, this Love of his could be hers to have, to keep, for all time. 

That moment had illuminated something very... Vital: Alice had realized that she hadn’t even considered marriage as an option for herself. What man would want—truly want —a woman such as she? But to be married to a man such as Tarrant...someone who is her friend, who understands her and what she wants... needs! Yes, she had thought, maybe marriage to such a man would not be such a horrible thing. In fact, it would be grand! 

In that moment of supreme selfishness, she had forgotten what he must have felt from her . She knows she does not Love him. She does not feel that soul-searingly pure Adoration for him. But she wants to. She desperately wants to. He deserves that and she wants to be what he deserves. She wants to be Enough. She wants to be Better... for him. 

So she will try. 

And whenever Alice has tried she has never not succeeded. 

Across the private balcony table from her, Tarrant fidgets in his chair, rests his forearms on the tabletop, considers his hands, and then reaches both out to her, palms raised. She smiles as she reaches for him and feels the strength and warmth of his grasp. 

Safe. Warm. Loved. She feels all of those things. With him. 

A mere hour ago this simple truth had been concealed behind her shock – What have I done? – and her amazement – Tarrant Loves me... – and her confusion – But I’ve never wanted to be married! (Even though she had suggested eloping, she hadn’t done so in earnest! She’d entertained no thoughts whatsoever with regards to becoming his wife or taking him as her husband! Still, needing his touch as she had, anything would have been better than waiting four bloody weeks! She had suggested an elopement with the single, solitary goal of winning rights to his bed at the forefront of her mind! She had never really considered what that would mean in the long run! Or even the Morning After!) 

A mere hour ago, she had stood beside Tarrant with his warm hand resting against the small of her back and the sash still tied loosely around their shoulders as, one after another, the courtiers had politely (although awkwardly) congratulated them; Thackery had tripped over his own toes exclaiming over them; Mally had demanded to know why she hadn’t received a proper invitation; Chessur had publicly declared his Intent to Nap for the next twenty hours; and a host of other friends and familiar faces had found their way to Gilded Hall (with a little help from the frog footmen, she’s sure). 

A mere hour ago, the music had started. Alice had danced with Tarrant for the first time, had melted into his touch and he had followed her lead (which she seems to have a natural talent for, interestingly enough) and not a word had been spoken between them. Perhaps she had feared it was all a dream and, if she were to disturb its equilibrium in the slightest, she would wake up, alone, in her bed, never having tied a knot in the sash with him, never having leaned over the Crown on the pedestal, pressed her lips to his and felt him sigh against her mouth, never having felt his hands lift to cradle her face as he’d so gently moved his lips against hers, never having felt his Love in the first place or seen the Joy in his smile when she had confessed with nothing more than the silent and strong grip on his fingers: “I want to...” 

But this is not a dream. She is still here and his hands are still warm beneath hers... 

A mere hour ago, they had not been married. She had not wanted to be married! To anyone! 

But now... 

Now, she feels very differently. 

Now, they are married. He is hers now. Now and until the end, whenever that will be. This hero who makes hats and giggles at riddles and wears brass-rimmed spectacles when he reads and Futterwhackens vigorously ... 

This man who Loves her with a depth and breadth that is as astounding as Underland itself had been when she had first discovered it... 

He is hers. 

And she will not be giving him up anytime soon! 

“Now,” he murmurs, smiling with such quiet radiance, Alice wonders if he’ll start speaking Sunlight. “Tell me your idea, please, Alice.” 

Yes, right! Her idea. She looks down, suddenly shy and uncertain... and then she reminds herself – this is the Hatter, Tarrant Hightopp, her best friend and the Right Man For Her – and in the last hour he has not changed. Not one bit. She is the one who has changed. And Tarrant will not be able to Get To Know this new Alice unless she becomes her, is unashamed to be her. 

Alice looks up and smiles. “It’s quite simple, really. We stay married... and we finish the Courtship.” 

Tarrant blinks at her. “When you say finish the Courtship you mean...?” 

“Well, no chaperone,” she informs him and then smirks wryly. “ If you think we can control ourselves for two weeks.” 

His long-ill-treated fingers twitch and curl around her hands. “Ah, yes... Alice, what you felt from me... when you touched the Crown... I don’t want you to be frightened. I would never... never intentionally ... I wouldn’t ever want to...” 

Alice squeezes his hands. “I know. I know you wouldn’t hurt me. I trust you.” 

He opens his mouth, his brows twitching with concern, closes his lips and swallows. “... I know.” 

“Yes, I imagine you do.” 

He takes a deep breath. “So, your proposal is that... We both get what we... I mean...” 

“I am offering to wait,” she says, blushing. “You promised me four weeks of Courting. I wouldn’t want you to break it... and regret it.” 

“Oh... Oh!” She watches him think. It’s quite an entertaining process, actually. “Alice...” he says, taking a deep breath and closing his eyes. 

“And I want those two weeks, too. I want... I’d like to... love you. As you do me. I’m sorry I... don’t.” 

Twin tears roll down his alabaster cheeks in silence. 

Alarmed, Alice struggles to reassure him. “You said the courtship is meant to open hearts to each other... if it’s possible for them to be opened at all. And I think mine could... I mean, I want it to and as it’s my heart there’s absolutely no reason why it should fight me on this point!” 

He shakes his head, gently interrupting her. Alice is not sure what else she would have said, so the interjection is a welcome one. Tarrant looks down at their hands, reaffirms his grip on hers. “No one has ever offered this to me, Alice. No one has ever tried to... has ever wanted to...” 

“I do,” she assures him. “I may not know what I wish to do with my life, but I know I want this. You. Us. I want this.” 

Gently, Tarrant pulls her hands toward him until he can press his lips to her knuckles. “Say no more, Alice, please. I Know your heart... and I know you . I... understand. And I will not betray your trust. You will not regret this.” 

Alice has so much more she would like to say, but things are too... tense, intense , charged and volatile with heartfelt things. She stands – without the aid of her hands which are still in Tarrant’s warm grasp, a whisper away from his dark lips – and rounds the table. She tugs gently on Tarrant’s fingers, not loosening her grip in the slightest. 

“It’s late,” she observes. “And it’s been a long day.” 

“Aye.” He agrees simply. 

Alice supposes she could try to sum it up, all the good and the bad that has occurred since that morning, but she feels suddenly very... tired. 

“I shall wait here while you...” He pauses, clears his throat and Alice watches as his eyes dart around the balcony in search of words. “Er, change into your usual sleep... wardrobe.” 

Which she will gladly do, however... 

“I’ll need your assistance,” she warns him and he glances up, startled. “This dress,” she explains with brevity before he can protest. “But, if you’d rather not... yourself, I suppose we could send for a maid...” 

“I... It’s fine,” he eventually declares, then takes a deep breath and stands. Alice escorts him over to the dressing screen in the room. Someone had already laid out her nightgown and house robe for her. Glancing around, she can see her hair brush and a few other personal items (including what looks like a tunic and a gingham dress peeping out at her from within the wardrobe, the doors to which had been left ajar) but the majority of her things (and likely Tarrant’s as well) are still in their respective rooms. 

Alice gives his hand a squeeze before she turns and presents him with the puzzling minefield of buttons and laces that stretch down her spine.