Lisa on the Beach
KrylB

Lisa on the beach (fictional): Part 1

When I was 13 I did something stupid. I was on holiday with my parents. We were renting a house and were sharing it with the owner's family. I am an only child and the owner had a daughter too. Her name was Suzy. She was 16 but we played together a lot. I guess she was happy to have somebody to play with at home, even if I was younger.

We were close to the beach and often spent the day there. My mother would come with me and Suzy. My father didn't really like the beach and wasn't with us most of the time. It was great though as I played in the water with Suzy while my mother worked on her tan.

I was wearing a little yellow bikini. It was an old one I got some years before and it was a little small for me. But my mom didn't buy a new one so I wore it everyday at the beach. The top was a little tight but it was OK. The problem was the bottom. They were really tight and I always felt them digging into my pussy and between my ass cheeks. It was really uncomfortable but when I asked my mother to buy a new bikini she said it was OK for now and she would buy a new one later.

After a few days I was getting bored with the discomfort. I was swimming in the sea and pulled my bottoms lower. It felt good as my pussy was getting irritated because of the tightness and the salty water and the sand... But it was difficult to swim with my bottoms around my tights... I looked around myself. No one was close to me and I knew they wouldn't be able to see anything anyway. The water was not clear enough so I was safe as long as I had water up to the waist.

In one quick motion I completely removed my bottoms! It was really exhilarating to be half naked in the water! I had never skinny dipped before and I enjoyed the sensation. I swam a little bit with my bottoms in my hand but it wasn't really easy. I needed both my hands to swim but I didn't want to put my bottoms back on as I didn't want to feel it against my sensitive pussy yet.

I wrapped the bottoms tightly around my ankle and made a knot to hold them in place. I felt really free as I swam around naked below my bikini top. I constantly checked to see if my bottoms were still there but they were well tied.

At first I tried to avoid getting too close to people but I realized that swimming not far from someone like that was giving me a thrill. I gradually was careless and swam in a more crowded area. It was funny to be surrounded by people as they couldn't tell I was half naked! I even went to shallower water. I was standing on the ground with water up to my belly button! I couldn't go further because of the waves but it was exciting to know that I was almost exposed and yet nobody knew it!

I saw Suzy coming my way so I went in deeper water. I didn't have time to put my bottoms back on though. So I swam and played with her like that! It was really funny! She never noticed anything! I was happy as not only I wasn't feeling the tightness of my bikini bottoms but I was enjoying the thrill of being nearly naked unknowingly of everyone!

It was soon time to exit the water. I carefully untied my bottoms and put them back on. I wince as I felt them on my tender parts. I walked out of the water and went to where my mom was to dry up.

The next day I did the same. I removed my bottoms as soon as I was in the water, which didn’t happen more than two minutes after we were on the beach! Again, I tied it around my ankle and enjoyed swimming around half naked. It was really cool and I enjoyed the feeling once more. I almost forgot one time when a wave brought me in shallower water and I almost got up but thankfully stopped myself just in time! I swam to deeper water and relaxed again.

I had so much fun but I gradually got used to it. When I had to walk out of the water I almost forgot I was bottomless! I was walking until the top of my buttocks were out of the water before I realized it! I gasped and crouched to hide myself. I couldn't believe I almost exposed my pussy! That would have been really humiliating!

I put my bottoms on and exited the water. Fortunately no one saw anything. But Suzy was looking at me strangely. She didn't say anything though and I assumed she didn't see anything.

The following day, I had to do it again! I removed my bottoms as soon as I was in waist-deep water. I was in the process of tying them to my ankle when Suzy rushed next to me with the buoy.
"You'll never get the buoy!" she said laughing and swimming further away.

I chased after her. This was our favorite game as we only had one buoy and it was fun to swim with it. We fought for it for a long time and I finally won. I was happy because Suzy was older and bigger than me! I swam in the buoy for a long time and Suzy swam away, pretending she wasn't interested in it anymore. But I knew she was jealous.

I saw her walk out of the water and I decided to follow her to taunt her a little. It's only when I was completely out of the water that I realized I was still bottomless! I looked down and to my horror saw that my bottoms were not tied around my ankle anymore! I must have lost them during the fight! Oh god!!! What should I do?

I was already out of the water so there was no point in running back there. I tried to hold the buoy around my hips to cover myself and walked on trembling legs to where my mother and Suzy were.

"LISA!! WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING?" shouted my mother.
I was so shocked I couldn't speak.
"WHERE ARE YOUR BOTTOMS? WHAT ARE YOU DOING HALF NAKED?"
By now, everyone around us was looking because of the noise she was making! To my horror, she grabbed the buoy and dropped it on the ground! I was completely exposed, except for my bikini top!!

My mother was waiting for an answer. I tried to cover my pussy with my hands and explained I had lost my bottoms during the fight with Suzy for the buoy. Suzy was looking at me with a big smile all the time!
"I thought your bottoms were too tight!!! How did you manage to lose them?" said my mother with anger.
"She removed them! She wasn't wearing them when we started the fight!" said Suzy.

I looked at her in shock! What a bitch!! How could she do that? My mother was getting angrier!
"YOU REMOVED THEM? YOU LITTLE SLUT!!! I WILL SPANK YOU HARD TONIGHT!!!" she shouted.
"She already did it yesterday! I saw her naked butt while she was swimming!" added Suzy.
I couldn't believe it! She was making it much worse for me!! It was probably because I won the buoy!

Of course, she wasn't lying. I did remove my bottoms after all. But she didn't need to tell my mother!! I was so angry I began to yell at her. I even cursed and called her a bitch! That was a great mistake! It only made my mother angrier (if that was possible!)!

"YOU LITTLE TRAMP! IF YOU WANT TO SHOW OFF, I'LL HELP YOU!" yelled my mother.
She came to me and quickly stripped me of my bikini top! I was completely naked!! I screamed in surprise, which attracted even more attention to me!

I think I never saw my mom so angry before. She started packing all our stuff and I sat down in the sand, covering my pussy and tits with my hands while Suzy was laughing at me!

When my mother started walking away I was shocked. I ran after her and begged to have my clothes back.
"Oh! Now you want to dress?" she asked ironically.
"But! Everyone can see me!" I exclaimed.
"You should have thought about that when you removed your bikini bottoms! Now walk! And you are not allowed to cover anything but your pussy with your hands!"

Then she looked at me and put all our stuff down on the ground.
"You are full of sand! Come with me!" she said.
She grabbed my hand and dragged me to the edge of the water. I was still wet from the water when I sat down in the sand and my ass and pussy were full of it! I had to spread my legs while she splashed water on my privates. Fortunately I was facing the water but I had to face everyone again when she was finished and we headed back to where Suzy was with our stuff.

The walk back home was a torture. Everyone was looking at me! They could see I was trying to hide my pussy, which meant that I was not naked intentionally, but they could see my ass and my tits! It was so embarrassing! And that bitch Suzy who couldn't stop laughing! I wanted to kill her! It was all her fault!

We arrived at the house and my mother opened the door to let me in. I ran inside but stopped dead in my tracks. There were my father and Suzy's father looking at me with big eyes! I obviously interrupted their conversation and they seemed to be too shocked to say anything.

My mother and Suzy came behind me and my mother told them what happened at the beach. It was so embarrassing to hear her telling my father and that other man how I was exposed to the whole beach! My mother grabbed my arm and pulled me on her knees. She spanked me really hard in front of the others! When it was finished, I was crying. My ass was burning! And Suzy was still looking at me with that evil smile!!!

I was told to go in the corner and keep my hands on my head. It was so humiliating to be punished like that! Especially in front of Suzy and her father! I couldn't believe it was happening! All that because my bikini bottoms were too small!

Then I looked down and gasped! My nipples were hard! I looked at my pussy and was even more shocked! My clit was hard too! It was so long I could see it sticking out of its hood!! What was happening to me? I couldn't be excited by this humiliating situation, could I? And yet it was the case. I couldn't deny my feelings. I was horny! Horny as hell! I was praying that no-one would notice!

After standing in the corner like that for a long time, my mother told me I could move again. But I couldn't dress! I had to eat naked with all of them and then I had to wash the dish like that! Suzy was really enjoying herself and I was trying to find a way to get back at her!

I had to go to sleep early. But I couldn't sleep! I was way too horny!! I was still naked under my cover because my mother wouldn't let me dress. I put my fingers to work and quickly reached several big orgasms!

My mother woke me up in the morning and told me I couldn't dress yet. The breakfast was as humiliating as dinner the day before. My father was trying not to look at me but Suzy's father was less discreet! He kept glancing my way! Fortunately he could only see my tits while I was sitting!

But that little comfort quickly vanished when I had to get up and clear the table. I then had to clean the dishes, while Suzy kept making fun of me. I never answered her taunting because my parents were not far but I desperately wanted to shut her up!

After that my mother started taking all the stuff to go back to the beach. Suzy went to put her bikini on while I waited for my mother to tell me what I should do. I didn't dare asking as I was scared of her answer!

"Go put your swimsuit on!" she told me after some time.
"But! I only have the top part left!" I exclaimed.
"Too bad! Go put that on!" she said without looking at me.
"But Mom!" I began.
"If you prefer to stay naked..." she said.

I didn't wait for the end of the sentence and ran to my room. I put my bikini top on and walked back to the living room.
"Let's go!" said my mother.
She was ready, as was Suzy. They were both dressed in their bikinis with a summer dress on top.
"Mom! Please! I can't go to the beach like that!" I pleaded.
"This is your punishment for what you did yesterday. You wanted to swim bottomless; you will do it again today. Only this time you will be bottomless the whole time! But as I said, you can go completely naked if you prefer..." she said, opening the door.

I couldn't move and saw my mother and Suzy walk out of the house. But after one minute, my mom yelled from outside.
"If you don't come right now, I'll come and get you, and then I'll spank you again but on the beach this time!!"
I ran outside, knowing she was serious.

I was completely mortified to be walking on the street bottomless again! The worse was that I still had marks on my butt from the spanking! Everyone in the street was looking at me! Fortunately, my mom allowed me to cover my pussy with my hands! But it was so humiliating!

Once we reached the beach I quickly sat down on the towel. I held my knees against my chest and tried not to move to avoid attracting attention. But all the people around us already saw me when we arrived! I tried not to look at them but I could see from the corner of my eyes that they were looking at me all the time! I was completely mortified!


Lisa on the beach (fictional): Part 2

After a half hour of pure torture for me, Suzy stood in front of me.
"Hey, half-nudist girl! Wanna go swimming with me?" she asked with a smile.
I looked at her with hatred in my eyes but didn't answer. Like I was going to get up and walk to the water bottomless! I was definitely not making it worse for myself!!

But my mother had other ideas!
"Good idea! Go with her Lisa! I don't need all the attention you are attracting to us..." she said.
I looked at her in shock.
"Mom! I don't want to go there like this!!!" I exclaimed.
"Why? You've been swimming half naked for the last few days! What's different now?" she said sternly.
"But... but... I'll have to walk in front of everybody!" I said, crying.

We were sitting rather far from the sea. Only a small part of the people on the beach had seen me when we arrived, but a lot more would have a good look as I would have to walk past them to reach the water edge. There was a supervised swimming area and it was forbidden to swim somewhere else. Of course we were not sitting in front of it so the walk would be even longer!!
"You brought it to yourself! Next time you remove your clothes in public, think about the consequences!" said my mother.

"But... I removed my bottoms in public but nobody saw anything!" I said.
"I saw..." said Suzy.
God I hated her!!!
"We already discussed this yesterday! Now go! And you'd better behave! Suzy, if she does anything I wouldn't approve of, I expect you to tell me!"
"Of course!" she answers with a big smile.
I couldn't believe it! My mom left me under the control of that ...ing bitch! Why not killing me directly instead!! I couldn't think of a worse situation!!!

But I had no choice. I could see that my mother was angry and would not change her mind. And I know she wouldn't hesitate to spank me right there on the beach if I kept on arguing! I reluctantly got up and with my hand clasped on my pussy, I followed Suzy.

I was looking at the ground to avoid looking anyone in the eyes but I could tell I was attracting a lot of attention! I could hear comments from everywhere! I heard people gasping, laughing, and calling each other to show me! I felt like a beast at the zoo!

We finally reached the water but to my horror I discovered that we were far from the supervised zone! That bitch Suzy intentionally walks in the wrong direction! We were at the end of the crowded part of the beach and we would have to walk in front of everybody to reach the supervised zone! I couldn't believe it!

"You bitch! You made me walk in the wrong direction intentionally!" I exclaimed.
"You didn't need to follow me! And if you call me like that one more time, I'll tell your mother!" she said.
I stomped my foot on the ground in anger but didn't say anything. There was nothing I could do and she knew it! I was like a toy in her hands!

She started walking along the water and I followed her. I briefly considered staying there or going in the water there but I knew she wouldn't let me. Besides, some people do it sometimes but the lifeguards call them out of the water. I know it attracts a lot of attention and I didn't need that!

The walk along the water was even worse. We crossed a lot of people and all the people sitting on their towels were looking my way. While they could only see my bottom when I was walking facing the ocean, they could now see my profile! Of course I was still hiding my pussy with my hands!

We finally reached the supervised zone and I cringed when I saw how crowded it was. The zone was not really wide and there were a lot of people on the beach! I quickly ran in the water until I was at least in waist deep water. I even swam deeper to be sure nobody could see I was bottomless. Of course it was no use as a lot of people saw me coming and already knew it!

I tried to stay away from Suzy as I knew she would not be of any help. I was glad to be less exposed and actually started to relax. I have been swimming bottomless for a few days after all. I was used to the feeling. But when I started to think about my bottomless walk on the beach, I began to get really horny! I had no idea why but I was so horny I knew I was really close to a big orgasm! How could this possibly happen to me?

I brought my hand between my legs and jumped when my fingers touched my pussy. It was so sensitive! When I touched my clit I actually moaned! It was so big! I never felt it like that! I was unconsciously caressing it while trying to understand why I was so horny. I was even more surprised after only a few seconds when I had a huge orgasm! I moaned and even screamed! It was so intense! My legs didn't support me anymore and I almost passed out and drowned! A wave hit me and I was dragged away!

I was still in the throes of my orgasm but I was scared to death. I was completely under water and I couldn't breathe anymore! Water entered my lungs and it brought me back to consciousness! I pushed on my legs and tried to swim and walk to head to the safety of the beach.

I think it is survival instinct that made me walk until I was completely out of the water! I then collapsed on the ground and passed out.

When I woke up, I saw that I was surrounded by a lot of people. One cute guy was looking at me with a look of concern. He was a lifeguard.
"Are you OK?" he asked.
I tried to talk but only managed to cough and spit water for a minute.
"Yeah... I'm OK..." I finally managed to say.
I was still breathless but my mind was beginning to clear.
"Hum... It seems you have lost something..." he said looking down my body.

That's when I realized that not only I was lying bottomless on the beach in front of a big crowd, but my legs were spread really wide!! I was giving a very good view of my pussy to all those people! I was so shocked I didn't move right away.
"I'll get you something to cover up..." said the guy.
"It's not necessary! She didn't lose her bottoms, she wasn't wearing any!!" said an all too familiar voice.
I turned my head and sure enough, there was Suzy and her huge grin!
"What do you mean? Why is she bottomless?" asked the guy, obviously confused by Suzy's declaration.
"She is punished by her mother! She is forbidden to wear any bottoms!" explained Suzy.
"Oh! Well... I don't know what you did to deserve that kind of punishment but I guess you won't need a cover then..."

I finally snapped out of my haze and closed my legs. I sat down and tried to hide my pussy with my hands.
"Do you want to come to the lifeguards hut?" asked the guy.
"No... I'm OK, thank you!" I said.
"OK then... You know where to find us if you have a problem..." he said before getting up and leaving.

In fact, I was absolutely not OK! I was sitting half naked on a crowded beach and a lot of people were around me waiting for me to get up!! I couldn't find the strength to get up, but it has nothing to do with the fact that I almost drowned! I was so humiliated I could hardly move! My limbs were trembling, my heart was pounding and I was in a state of shock!

Suzy crouched in front of me.
"You know, I was coming closer to you before it happened... I saw you had your eyes closed and you were moaning and then screaming. Did you touch yourself?" she said just loud enough for me to hear it.
I didn't answer and blushed. She caught me! Just when I thought it couldn't get worse…
"Your mum is going to freak out when she will know!!" she said.
"No!!!! Please don't tell her!!" I said.
"I think she will punish you again. She will probably spank you harder than yesterday..." she said, ignoring me.
"Please don't tell her! Please!!! I'll do anything you want!!" I said before realizing it was a really stupid thing to say.
But what choice did I have?

"Hmmmm.... You'll have to prove it! I want you to get up, but you must keep your hands by your sides!" she said mischievously.
Oh god. She wanted me to show my pussy to everyone around us! And we were surrounded by dozens of people! I couldn't do that.
"Well I guess I'll just go and tell your mother right now then." said Suzy when she saw I wasn't moving.
"No wait!" I said.

I took a deep breath, locked my eyes far in the sea and got up. I stood in front of Suzy, with my hands in fists, hanging by my sides, displaying my butt and pussy to god knows how many strangers! The laughter’s and gasps I heard confirmed that a lot of people were enjoying the show.
"Good! Now come with me..." she said, walking away.

I quickly followed her as she walked through the crowd of onlookers. We were walking along the beach but we were not heading back to where my mum was. We were going further away from her. I didn't know if it was good or not. I had no idea what Suzy's plans were but she clearly didn't want my mother to witness them! I was happy as I knew I wouldn't like my mother to see them too, but I was scared of what would happen!

We walked until we were in a less crowded place. Suzy stopped and looked at me. I was still holding my hands by my sides. I had to fight myself constantly not to cover up!
"OK... Let's play a little game!" she said.
I didn't like the sound of that.
"Give me your top!" she said to my shock.
"What? Are you crazy?" I said.
"Oh you're acting shy now? You've been showing your ass and pussy to everyone already! Why not showing your tits too?" she said mockingly.
"I won't..." I began.
"If you prefer that your mother learn about your little masturbation session in the water..." she said, interrupting me.
"But please! I'll be completely naked!!!" I said, looking around us.
"That's the idea..." she answered nonchalantly.

There were some people walking along the see but not a lot. There were a lot of people on the beach though and some of them were already looking at us.
"Look, it's not a big deal! There are other girls topless..." she said.
She was right, but none of them were bottomless too! In fact, nobody was bottomless except me!!
"Anyway if you don't give me your bra within ten seconds, I'm off to tell your mother what happened. I may even add a few details... That you were not in the water, for example!" she said before starting counting.

I blushed when I understood what she said. She would tell my mother I masturbated on the beach! My mother would kill me for sure!! Suzy was already at five and I knew I had to act fast! I reached behind my back and unfastened my top. I pulled it off and gave it to Suzy just as she reached the ten seconds limit. I brought my arms in front of my breast.
"Hey! No covering!" she said.
I lowered my arms, defeated and looked at the ground.
"Good. Now I want you to close your eyes and count to 100! And remember, no covering with your hands!" she said.

I looked at her in panic. But she shushed me before I even had the chance to protest.
"Count to 100! Out loud and slowly!" she said.
I was facing the water and looked at the sea before closing my eyes and starting counting. I immediately heard Suzy walk away. I was really panicked as I knew she was walking away with my top! I was beginning to think she was just setting me up and that I would have to go back to my mother completely naked!


Lisa on the beach (fictional): Part 3

When I reached 100 I was trembling. I wasn't sure I wanted to open my eyes. Being unable to see almost made me forget where I was, except I heard a few comments of people walking by! But I would have to face the reality again. I slowly opened my eyes and gasped. There in front of me was a group of teenagers. There were two girls and three boys, all staring at me! I desperately wanted to cover up but remembered Suzy's last command. I turned around and try to localize her. She was a little further away, walking this way.

I walked to meet her, only too happy to walk away from the teenagers looking at me! I stopped in front of her, burning in shame.
"Good! I see you're not trying to cover up! That's great!" she said.
I said nothing but realized in shock that her hands were empty! Where was my top?
"Now, about our little game... I hid your top somewhere on the beach. Not close to your mother, don't worry... You have to find it! Good luck! I'm going back with your mother. You can find me there if you need any help! And remember, no covering!!" she said before leaving.

I was completely dumbfounded. My top was hidden? On the beach? How could I find it? This beach is huge! And filled with people!!! There was no way I would be able to search like this, completely naked!!!

But by the time I realized what Suzy was asking me to do, she was long gone. I could see her running away and I knew I couldn't catch up with her before she reached my mother! And there was no way I would go back there without my top! I had no choice but to start searching!

This was surreal. Here I was, completely naked on a crowded beach, looking for my bikini top! And I didn't dare covering myself, even though Suzy probably couldn't see me from where she was!

I tried to think. Where should I start? When I opened my eyes, Suzy was coming back from where she hid my top. She was coming, of course, from the more crowded part of the beach, where the supervised swimming zone was! I headed that way on trembling legs.

People were of course staring and commenting as I walked naked along the beach. I know I would be doing the same if I saw a naked girl! This was not a nude beach! Some girls were topless, but nobody was naked! Except me! I tried to walk fast to avoid being confronted by someone.

I was approaching the supervised area and realized I would be in trouble there. One of the lifeguards (a woman) spotted me and came to meet me.
"Hum! Are you OK?" she asked.
"Yes..." I said weakly.
"Why... What are you doing?" she said, clearly embarrassed by the situation.
"I'm looking for my bikini top. I think my friend hid it somewhere around here..." I explained.
"Your bikini top? And... What about your bottoms?" she asked, clearly surprised that I didn't even talked about it.
Damn! What should I answer to that? I was trying to find some lie as to why I was bottomless but couldn't find any!
"I... I was punished by my mother. I'm not allowed to wear bottoms..." I said, blushing deeply.
"Punished? You know that this is not a nude beach, don't you?" she asked.
I nodded.
"Well I'm not a cop so I won't stop you but I suggest you convince your mother to find some other way to punish you! Or at least to keep an eye on you! A young girl like you shouldn't be walking around naked! You never know who you could meet..." she said.

I shivered when I realized what she meant. I guess I could be raped if I wasn't careful! But as long as I was in a crowded place, I guess I was pretty much safe...
"Now I suggest you quickly find your top and go back to your mother!!" she said.
"Yes... Thank you!" I said.
Oh god. I couldn't believe she would leave me naked like that. I thought she would call the cops or something. I guess lifeguards are there only to save people and watch out for anybody swimming too far out of the supervised zone...

I had to find that top! I tried to look around me but all I could see were leering faces! I was once again the center of attention!! I briefly considered going back in the water to hide myself from view but I knew it was no use as I would have to come out again eventually. And I don't know if Suzy would consider that as covering up!

I scanned around me but couldn't see any bikini top, except those worn by other girls and women of course. I had no luck close to the water and suspected she had put it somewhere on the beach between the tanning people. I tried not to think about the situation I was in and started walking away from the water, looking around me.

It was hard to avoid looking at people as I had to search for my top. Many were staring openly! But I guess a naked girl walking around is drawn to attract attention on a non-nude beach! I tried to avoid walking two times at the same place while looking everywhere but couldn't find my top!

I was considering walking back to my mother like that when I saw Suzy coming back.
"So? Still not found? You know it's been almost one hour since you started looking..." she asked.
"Please tell me where it is! I looked everywhere! Everyone saw me! It's so humiliating!" I said crying.
"Are you sure you looked everywhere?" she asked with a smile.
"Yes!" I said.
"Maybe you didn't look in the right direction!" she said.
"What do you mean? I looked everywhere around me and I walked everywhere!"
"But you didn't look up!" she said.

I looked at her, confused. I looked around myself again but this time didn't look at the ground. Every little distance on the beach there was a panel with a symbol to help people find their place on the beach easily after swimming. I looked at the panel close to the supervised swimming area and spotted my top. It was hanging there! I couldn't believe it! I had walked next to that panel! I vividly remembered looking at the ground under the panel to see if my top wasn't there!

I ran to the panel and realized I would have to climb the post in order to get it! Of course there were a lot of people around it! I tried not to think about it as I began to try to climb up the post. But I didn't manage to do it. I was slipping and I couldn't pull myself off of the ground!

"Need some help?" said a male voice behind me.
I turned around and was faced by four boys. They looked to be around 16 like Suzy.
I was not able to answer. I felt so embarrassed I wasn't able to talk anymore.
"We are friends of Suzy. She told us to ensure nobody took your top..." said the guy with a big smile.
That bitch had told about me to friends of her!
"I can help you reach up!" he offered.

I was so embarrassed I wanted to run away and burry myself under a huge layer of sand but I realized this was my only option. I couldn't go back to my mother naked... It would only make it worse for me!

The guy approached and stood next to the post, holding his hands together to hold my foot. On trembling legs I walked closer to him. I had to make it fast or I knew I wouldn't dare! I tried to forget I was naked and put my right foot in his waiting hands. I grabbed his shoulders and pushed on my leg. I caught the panel and reached for my top. I gasped as I felt something on my crotch. I looked down and realized his nose was touching me! His face was exactly at the same height as my pussy! I was mortified! I grabbed my top and jumped in the sand. I ran away immediately! I couldn't face that guy anymore!

I stopped a little further away, carefully avoiding getting too close to my mother. I looked at my top and realized it was torn! I don't know if Suzy did it on purpose or if it happened when I grabbed it but one strap was missing! There was no way I would be able to put it back on! How was I going to explain that to my mother?

I tried to put it on none-the-less but I had to hold the cups against my breast because it fell away from my body as soon as I let it go.

I walked to where my mother was and waited for her reaction.
"Lisa? What's wrong with your top?" she asked.
I didn't answer but dropped my hands. My top was hanging uselessly in front of my tits, only partially covering them.
"How did it happen?" she asked.
I could see that she was getting angry but I didn't know what to say. If I told her the truth, Suzy would tell her I touched myself in public! And I could not find a reasonable excuse to explain my torn top!
"Lisa, I'm angry. I don't see how you could tear your top when you are wearing it. I see only one explanation: you removed it and it somehow got caught on something! Am I wrong?" she asked.
I couldn't answer. There was a lump in my throat. I was scared. I couldn't tell her the truth. And besides, she was almost right! I did remove my top!
"I can't believe it! You had to do it again? I'm extremely disappointed! I thought punishing you today would teach you some modesty, but you only made it worse! Remove your top this instant!" she said.

I was scared as she stayed calm the whole time. I expected her to get really angry but she apparently was only very disappointed! I felt like I had betrayed her! I felt really bad about it. I removed my torn top and gave it to her.
"I was planning to let you dress tonight but you obviously need a better lesson. You will stay naked until the end of the holiday, Lisa. I hope it will help you understand that what you did was wrong!" she said.

I couldn't believe it! We were still going to stay there for more than a week! And I would stay naked the whole time! In front of my parents, in front of everybody!! I looked up and there was Suzy, with her big grin! This was all her fault! But there was nothing I could do! I collapsed on the towel and cried. I cried for a long time. In fact, I was still crying when my mother told me to get up because we had to go home. I cried the whole way to the house. I cried when my father and Suzy's father saw me naked and my mother told them what happened. I cried when I got spanked again that evening, much harder than the first time. And I was still crying when I went to sleep, naked of course.

I did spend the rest of the holiday completely naked. Everyone knew me on the beach. It seems like everyone enjoyed my humiliation! Suzy made a big deal of telling everybody why I was naked. She added false details to describe me as a whore who couldn't keep her clothes on. She humiliated me in front of a lot of people. She invited friends over at the house in the evening and I had to serve them drinks! I had to endure their stares and comments!

It was the most humiliating week of my life!

But my pussy was wet and my nipples were hard the whole time! Whenever I was alone in the bathroom or in a place with some privacy I masturbated myself to multiple very intense orgasms. I couldn't take my mind off of the fact that everyone could see my most private places! And it was the most exciting thing I could think about!

I never felt something so intense since. Even though I tried to expose myself naked or partially naked to other people many time since, I never found again the incredible mix of intense humiliation and excitation I felt during those vacation.

I never got back at Suzy but I still hope I will have the occasion one day. I still hate her.

But at the same time... I'm grateful!
