This site contains fictional stories with explicit descriptions of sexual activities, and not suitable for minors or prudes. If you are under 18 year of age, do not enter this site as it is illegal for you to do so and you are not welcome here. Also if you are offended by sexually explicit stories, do not enter this site, as I do not wish to offend your sensibilities. Having said that, by entering this site you are representing that you are at least 18 years old and do so of your own free will and are not offended in any way by sexually explicit stories. The stories are fictional and any resemblance to actual people or other entities is purely coincidental. =======================================================

Traded  (part two)

The story is fiction, but it is based on a real life experience.  The names, locations and any references used in the telling of this story are all fictional.

When I started this with John and Joan, my initial thought that fucking Joan was paramount.  However, giving it some further thought, I realized that I would benefit more from doing more than just fucking her.

I was lucky enough to, if youll excuse the expression, have her by the balls in a manner of speaking.  John, her husband didnt have a dime and they needed a place to hide from creditors, and I was suddenly one of them too.  

So with a unique arrangement, John and Joan agreed to allowing me to place Joan in adult situations for photographs to please a benefactor on the other side of the country.

Jim, so what do you say can we come to terms on these repairs, I asked.  Best I can do is $450.00 parts and labor, he said.  And if I supply the materials, I asked.  Uh, $150 and Ill promise you a good job, he said.  

Thats a little steep, I said, I mean youre just out of high school, and while Im sure youre capable, Im just not all that certain.   Ive got to start someplace, he said, and Im certain that the finished work will be to your satisfaction, so how about a chance, and then when you see my work, youll want me to be your full time handyman.

Full time handyman, huh.  Why so you can be hanging with the ladies, I laughed as I asked.  Not a bad idea, he said, there are a few here that are MILFs.   MILFs, I questioned.  Yea, Mothers Id Like To Fuck, he said.  Arent they a bit old for you, I asked.  

Nah, he said, the girls my age dont have a clue about being sexy.  They just want to give me a hand or blow job and maybe I get to play with their pussy some.  But, these older ladies, hell theyve got big jugs, know how to fuck and I can probably give them more of a pounding than their old man can, if youll forgive me for saying that about you.

Oh, you mean because Im old, I said.  Yea, but you know what I mean...nothing personal.  Sure sure, I know what you mean, I said.  But, when you get this, what is it, MILF, then what?

Oh, you mean what do I like to do, he asked.  Yea, I guess thats what Im asking, I said.  Simple, I like to play dumb and have her teach me.  Interesting, I said.  Then Ill keep my eyes open for some woman for you, I continued.  Yea, and if you find one, then Ill certainly help you out on some expenses, he said.  Fair enough, I said, but I might want to watch or record the action.  Cool, was his reply, Jim the porn star!

I called Joan and told her to be ready for our next meeting.  I then called Jim and gave him some scant details and made him promise to keep his mouth shut.  He said he would and I promised him more work on the property.  Im always looking for help on repairs, so this was a golden opportunity.

I rang the bell and Joan opened the door wearing a yellow sun dress with a equally bright smile on her face.  I stepped in closing the door behind me as Joan asked if the dress was okay.  Yes, looks good I said as I reached out and patted her ass.

John doing okay, I asked.  Yes, seems to be, she said.  And you?  Okay, Im just . . . And her voiced trailed off.  

Ignoring her, I said, this afternoon were going to see how sexy you can be along with being a potty mouth.  Potty mouth, she asked?  Yes, youve got tits not breasts, a pussy and ass and then there is the cock and balls.  I also want you to take a little of the initiative.  So as things happen, given the opportunity in talking, those are the words, understood.  Yes, I suppose so, replied Joan.

Good, I said, because today were going to pretend that you need some work done here in the apartment, but instead of paying (since you cant even if you wanted to) youll have to be a little aggressive, okay?   Ill try, said Joan.

I once again began to set up a camera as Joan watched me.  Lift you skirt, I said.  Joan gathered her skirt and I motioned her closer slipping my fingers beneath her panties and toying with her pussy.  Good I said, removing my hand and glancing at my watch.

Joan dropped the skirt just as she realized that someone else was there.  Jim had let himself into the apartment, and as Joan reacted, I turned and said, Joan, this is Jim and hes going to assist today.

But but hes her voice stopped.  Yea, I said, hes young, but you can teach him and show him things.  Just remember the instructions, I said.

Joan was frozen in shock, not knowing what to do for a few moments till Jim said, wow, nice jugs and reached out and felt her tits.

Joan snapped back from wherever she was and looked towards me, then to Jim and said, so you like my tits, do you?  I knew in that instant that Joan accepted everything and that wed be in for one hell of a time.

Yea, stammered Jim a little, responding to Joans question.  So what do you think youd like to do with them. Squeeze them, lick them, maybe suck on them, or just like to play for the fun of it, she asked.

All of it, said Jim, and also your pussy too.  Think youd like to show me your pussy, he asked.  Maybe, said Joan, all depends.  On what, he asked.  On how good a boy you are, replied Joan, and whether or not you truly appreciate what I have to offer. Remember, she added, Im not 21 anymore, so youll probably be disappointed.







