Simon wakes with a lead weight on his chest, suffering from the worst pain he's experienced in a long while. Lurching to one side he narrowly misses Jayne as he spews mouthfuls of water and reconstituted Soya bean stew into a puddle on the rock. Trying and failing to sit up, he spits out the remnants of regurgitated stomach contents and gingerly presses a palm against his aching rib cage.
"Reckon that sound I heard when I was trying to bring you back could've been some bones cracking," says Jayne as he climbs off Simon and lays down next to him, sweeping the damp hair out of his eyes with a finger. "Thought I'd lost you, Doc."

"I'm pretty certain you did." Simon looks around at their newest place of occupancy. It's a large cave with patches of luminous chemicals and a pool of black water. Have they somehow taken a step back inside the labyrinth?

"I know what you're thinking but you're wrong." Jayne has this broad grin on his face -- a little boy who has a secret he can't wait to tell. "There's a way out of this one and, as far as I can tell, there ain't no sign of gorram Reavers neither."

Simon struggles to sit up and stares at the cave walls which are illuminated by green light. There's no need for the cigar lighter; he can feel the blast of cold air coming from that dark hole in the rock face. "Have you checked it out?" he asks anxiously.

Jayne shrugs. "Trying to get you breathing was my number one priority."

Simon disguises his smile by kneeling over the pool and washing away the remains of vomit from his face. Leaning over further, he rids himself of the taste by sipping mouthfuls of water from his cupped hands, then gargling and spitting.

"We're on to the last but one stick," says Jayne, "so I reckon we'd better see where that passage takes us as soon as possible -- if'n you're up to it that is."

"Believe me, I'm up for it," says Simon. He's had his fill of caves and the adrenaline will see to it that he keeps going.

The passageway is both wide and high, but to counter that, it turns out to be depressingly long and winding. They travel in silence, footsteps echoing off the rock walls, both of them searching for that faint circle ahead that signifies freedom. With no supplies left, Simon hopes desperately that they're going to find some literal daylight at the end of this tunnel. He's forgotten what it feels like to see clearly: to feel warmth permeating his skin.

"How long do you think we've been in here?" he asks as he follows the mercenary along the mine shaft, clutching at his aching rib cage. As long as he breathes in shallow bursts the pain isn't too bad.

"Ain't got a clue." Jayne trips slightly and presses his hand against the cave wall to stop himself from falling. "Hope it ain't long enough for the ship to have flown off without us."

Simon's logical brain knows that even if Serenity and her occupants are okay then there's no way Mal will have sat around on a Reaver-infested planet waiting for two crew members who are, more than likely, dead, but he's not going to say any of this to Jayne. Hope is everything. It's the one thing that's kept him going for the last few years.

The luminance of moonlight pooling onto the tunnel floor catches him by surprise. For some reason, he'd assumed that they would emerge into blazing rays of sunshine.

"Stay back," hisses Jayne. "Let me check if it's clear."

As he watches the mercenary prowl off into the darkness Simon wonders if this is just a nightmare. Maybe he'll wake up safe and warm in his bunk on Serenity and find that he's been locked inside one of those strange everlasting dreams he occasionally suffers from. This should be the best case scenario, but when Jayne signals him forward, Simon's filled with an intense desire for all of this to be real, however horrifying the experience has been.

Edging out into the night, he breathes fresh air for the first time in an age and crouches down next to Jayne, who's hiding behind some rocks.

"We're about three clicks away from the Reaver landing site," murmurs the mercenary. "And the better than good news is that they're loading up the ships."

Simon watches the creatures swarm like tiny insects in the light and as he recalls the swinging bodies of those half-dead miners, he wishes he could crush them under his feet like ants. "Why do they do it?" he wonders in a monotone voice.

"Just to live. Same as everyone, I reckon," replies Jayne matter-of-factly, his face set into a grim mask.

This philosophical side comes as yet another surprise. The man is more stoical and certainly more astute than anyone has ever given him credit for. Sensitive, thoughtful, intuitive: none of these are words Simon formerly associated with the hired gun. "How long have you known I was tongzhi?" he asks, overcome by a sudden wave of curiosity.

"Since the day you joined the ship," replies Jayne without taking his eyes off the distant camp. "Takes one to know one, eh?" he adds with a sudden grin.

Simon doesn't respond. The Reaver noises carried on a chill night wind have made him all too aware of how much danger they're still in. "Even if they don't find us we could die of exposure out here," he muses out loud.

"Ain't dying 'fore I have a chance to show you exactly how sly I am." Jayne shifts sideways, turning his head and leaning closer until mouth presses against mouth and, despite everything, the kiss is perfect. As Jayne's tongue touches his, Simon's whole body reacts to the sensation, nipples peaking and cock thickening as absolute proof of how very much he wants this man.

They have no weapons left to defend themselves with, no rations to eat and no blankets to keep them warm. With an army of cannibals just a few kilometers away from them and hope of being rescued all but gone, the last thing they should be doing is gulping down hungry mouthfuls of tongue whilst running their hands under wet clothing and over lacerated bodies and broken bones. None of that matters though because Simon needs this more than he's ever needed anything in his whole life. Kneeling up, his lips pressed tightly against Jayne's, he fights to unfasten the fly of those cargo pants then takes hold of the man's cock, groaning with pleasure as Jayne mirrors his actions.

"Weren't planning on doing you like this," mutters Jayne in between sighs of pleasure and slips of tongue against tongue.

"Can't wait any longer." Simon grins then spits into his hand and runs his fingers over Jayne's ji ba, pulling hard then teasing gently until every part of Jayne becomes putty except for that hard rod of a cock which jerks insistently against Simon's skin.

Jayne's hand is calloused and huge, so very different to how Simon's own palm feels when he's masturbating and lost in fantasy. He humps that fist, kissing Jayne in time with the thrusts of his hips, able to ignore every aching body part except for his balls which are throbbing deliciously and drawing up ready for climax. Closing the gap between them, Jayne deepens the kisses and as his slick cockhead makes contact with Simon's own knob, every muscle goes into spasm and there's a sudden expulsion of hot, wet, bright-white pleasure that has his thighs buckling with delight. But Jayne's next words bring him back down from that mind-melting orgasm with a vicious thud.

"Reckon I was right," says the mercenary as he wipes away some of the semen with a handful of coarse grass he's grabbed from the side of a rock. "Reckon you must've caught a touch of that crazy from your sister. That was a dumbass thing to do."

He sounds exactly like the bitter man that Simon has known and disliked for years. "Then I won't repeat it," he replies, trying not to sulk as he stretches out on a plinth of surface rock that's uncomfortably hard on his sore ribs.

"No you won't," says Jayne, his gaze fixed on the Reaver camp below them.

Simon's had enough and is preparing to complain lengthily about Jayne's demeanor when the mercenary adds a few quiet words to the end of his sentence.

"Gotta keep you in one piece 'til I can sex you up proper."

Bad mood instantly vapourised, Simon smiles and turns onto his side. He doesn't think there's a chance of getting any sleep lying in damp clothes on a cold stone slab, but tiredness takes over and it's not long before he begins to fade out, knowing without doubt that Jayne'll be awake all night beside him.

*

His dreams are a confusing mixture of good and bad. Twice he wakes in a state of panic, sitting up and pressing a hand against Jayne's back to convince himself that he's not been abandoned on this godforsaken planet. Jayne isn't dead. Jayne isn't a flayed corpse with entrails on display. Jayne is here, real, alive, reaching behind him to squeeze at Simon's shoulder reassuringly. Fitful sleep is better than no sleep at all and the next time Simon opens his eyes, the sun is beating down on his skin and Jayne is lying next to him with an arm around his waist.

"They've took off," the mercenary says, his eyes half-closing from exhaustion, "' bout an hour ago."

"All of them?" questions Simon.

"Reckon so." Jayne yawns deeply and covers his mouth with a palm. "It's the way they work. Pillage a place then move on to the next piece of dirt."

Filled with elation and the uncomfortable urge to have more sex, Simon wriggles away from the big man's arm and gets to his feet, sloping off behind a nearby rock to take a piss. Embarrassed by the sound of urine splashing onto the dusty ground he distracts himself by gazing at the scene of dereliction below him. The ships have gone but the landing site is littered with trashed engine parts and piles of human debris. In the distance he can see the outline of Gainsborough and wonders if anyone managed to escape the town. It's doubtful. Reavers are thorough creatures.

When Simon looks around he sees that Jayne is fast asleep and, rather than disturb the mercenary, chooses to pick his way down the trail in the direction of the abandoned camp. He's no technological expert, but is hoping that there might be some intact piece of comm equipment lying around that's recognisable even to a layman like him.

Once he arrives at the site, thoughts of sending waves go out of his head as he gets a true picture of what's been left. There's not a whole corpse to be seen, all of them have been desecrated in one way or another, and the scavengers are already circling. However repulsed he might be, Simon can't bear the thought of these poor souls' bones being picked over once again.

Ignoring the waves of pain emanating from ribs and hands, Simon heaves broken wood into a rough pyre then, fumbling in his pockets, he takes out Jayne's cigar lighter, hoping that the solid metal casing will have kept the mechanism dry. After five or six flicks Simon's convinced that the thing is useless, but finally it sparks into life and, paying little attention to the heat that's searing his thumb, Simon lets the flame lick over a piece of kindling, waiting for it to catch.

There's something inherently primal and comforting about fire and for a while Simon just squats there watching, waiting for it to reach a good hot burn. Unable to put off the moment any longer, he ignores any deep-seated revulsion and begins to throw the dry, dismembered body parts onto the pyre, certain that the tears streaming down his face are not entirely caused by the smoke alone.

"You ni yi tai shen zhi?" comes a voice from behind him and, startled, Simon wheels around, wondering how much time has passed him by.

It's Jayne. Of course it's Jayne. A very angry Jayne by the look of things.

"You trying to tell everyone where we are?"

"The Reavers have gone." Simon glares defiantly at the mercenary, although to tell the truth he hadn't considered how dangerous this course of action could prove to be. "These people deserved some kind of funeral."

"These folks are long dead, Doc." Jayne glowers and then begins hefting the remainder of the corpses onto the fire. "It wouldn't've harmed none to wait a while longer."

Simon glances up at the scavenger birds and wishes he could become more hardened to his new way of life. As far back as he can remember all he's ever wanted to do is help people.

"'Though it don't look like you've done any damage," continues Jayne in a gentler tone of voice. "You have a sort through of what's been left, see if there's anything useful, while I finish up here."

The big man is rough around the edges, but most of the time he means well and as Simon sifts through the debris he's struck with the sudden realisation that Jayne came to that drugstore solely to rescue him. Up until the moment he'd taken it upon himself to restock the ship's dwindling pharmaceutical supplies Simon had been with the others, looting platinum reserves over the other side of town and if it hadn't been for him the mercenary could easily have got back to Serenity. It's a sobering thought and Simon glances curiously at his companion who's stoking the fire with planks of wood from broken packing crates, partially concealed by a thick, grey smokescreen.

"Found anything useful?" calls Jayne as he throws the last few bodies on the pyre then attempts to wipe away the filth from his hands on some equally filthy rags.

"Not a thing." Simon looks around him at the heaps of trash in utter disgust.

"There'll be better pickings to be had in Gainsborough," says Jayne. "Not that it matters though 'cause Mal'll be waiting for us there."

"Yep," agrees Simon, although all of the words are a lie and both of them know it.

*

It seemed to have taken them no time at all to reach the mine and yet the journey back down to the town is never-ending. With nothing to eat or drink, Simon wonders how long he can keep going and when he finally comes across a pool of water set into the rocks he rushes forward, restrained at the last second by Jayne.

"I need a drink," he gasps, fighting hard against the big man.

"Not from there you don't. Not lessen you want a dose of belly rot." Jayne points out a heap of decaying bodies at the far edge which, will, without doubt, have polluted the pond by now.

It's only Simon's medical expertise that stops him from going ahead and pouring handfuls of the spoiled water down his throat. The symptoms of this kind of disease are always ugly and not a thing you'd wish on your worst enemy.

"I been told there's types of plants that hold liquid," says Jayne thoughtfully as Simon gazes at the rancid drinking hole.

"Not in this type of terrain."

"Maybe, maybe not," says Jayne, "but you can still keep an eye out."

Simon wants to kick out at everything in frustration. This raging thirst is driving him insane and he knows Jayne is just trying to take his mind off their ever-worsening situation, but treating him like a child is only making him want to behave more like one.

"C'mon, Doc," says Jayne. "Sooner you quit moping, the sooner we get to town."

Simon refuses to quit moping, but he does begin to move, albeit at a slow pace, following the mercenary reluctantly down the trail whilst trying to ignore every part of his body that's screaming in agony.

*

They smell Gainsborough before they see it.

If Simon had thought the Reaver landing site was bad then he was sadly misguided. The main street of the town is ripe with decay and buzzing with insects and, dry heaving, he covers his mouth and nose with a hand.

"Don't look; just keep on walking," says Jayne grimly and Simon does as he's told, keeping his eyes firmly fixed on the mercenary's back.

"Be happier if'n I had me a weapon," mutters the big man and Simon can understand why although he doubts that it's necessary. There's plainly nothing residing here but death.

After a cursory look for Serenity, the first place they visit is the saloon. Ignoring the piled up evidence of destruction, Jayne strides behind the bar and fumbles around in the gloom for sealed bottles of juice. Prizing open the caps, he hands two over and the feel of that sweet liquid sliding down Simon's throat is enough to make him able to block out the world for the short time it takes to finish them.

When he looks up, Jayne has a bottle of whiskey to his lips and is gulping at it, far too desperately for Simon's comfort. He's been concerned about the man's drinking for a good few years now. "Not the best idea," he warns, his fingers curling around the glass neck.

Jayne looks at him, his expression a cross between anger and immeasurable fear, but instead of reacting fiercely the way Simon expects, he stoppers the bottle and takes one last sorrowful look at it before reaching down to the shelves for a plastic container of water.

"What do we do now?" asks Simon, relieved to see some life spark back into those blue eyes. For a moment it had looked as if Jayne was on the point of losing it completely.

"We get fed," says Jayne, swigging his water. "Then I'll start on clean up and you can set about finding us some place to stay that ain't too much of a wreck."

"Sounds logical." Simon's knows he should offer to help dispose of the dead, but he's not certain he can cope with any more rotting corpses.

"Reckon the hardest job'll be powering the place back up." Jayne flicks the main breaker switch up and down several times. "Right now the only way of getting in contact with anyone is through smoke signals."

Simon had never considered this might be a stumbling block. He's been baby-stepping his way through this nightmare from the beginning. Getting to town in one piece was his ultimate goal, but with no electricity here then, once again, they're humped.

"You'll be able to do something about the power, Doc," says Jayne and there's such belief in the man's voice that Simon's confidence is boosted. Maybe he can fix things if he puts his mind to it.

"I'll try, but really it depends on what's happened to the generators," he says, wishing, for the first time ever, that his specialty wasn't the biological kind of engineering.

Jayne kicks through the remnants of a broken down door and they end up in the saloon kitchen where to his delight Simon finds rack upon rack of preserved goods. "At least we won't starve," he says, watching as Jayne removes the lid of a canned ham with the opener on his utility knife.

Taking a chunk of jellied meat from Jayne's blade, Simon wolfs down the food.

"I loved this stuff when I was a kid," says Jayne, talking with a full mouth. "Was for special occasions only, 'though I reckon today's special enough."

Simon's family had fresh meat and vegetables every day. Sometimes he's ashamed to have come from such a privileged background.

"By the look of things there's no more'n an hour of daylight left," says Jayne as he stares out of the grimy window. "We're gonna have to bed down here for the night."

Simon doesn't relish this idea at all and as they head up to the second floor, armed with flashlights and a rifle that Jayne discovered while looting the cellar, his sense of hopelessness increases. The smell of decay is far more potent up here.

Jayne peers inside then quickly slams shut the doors of four rooms, including what looks like the bathroom from the fleeting glimpse Simon is allowed.

"We can get washed up downstairs," mutters the mercenary, the queasy expression on his face telling Simon that now is not the time to argue.

At the end of the corridor is a small storage room with a camping bed set up in it.

"This'll do," says Jayne as opens a closet and finds a pile of blankets. "You take the cot. I'll be okay on the floor."

Simon's despondency grows. He wants to get clean, crawl into a king bed with Jayne and have enough sex to make this hateful new world of theirs go away for a while. Still, things are better than they were yesterday, he tells himself as he steps over bodies and follows Jayne into the public bathroom. Pissing against the porcelain of the urinal he discovers that he's no longer embarrassed about such a triviality and suddenly life seems ridiculously funny.

"You feeling okay, Doc?" asks Jayne, looking curiously at Simon who can't stop his laughter from breaking free in staccato bursts.

"Fine," he splutters.

The mercenary shrugs, shaking off his dick then fastening the fly of his pants and Simon follows suit, wondering why he's spent his whole life being such a prude. He's a medical man, trained to see people naked, and yet for twenty nine years he's been embarrassed by even a glimpse of his own nude body in the mirror. It's strange to think that his wake up call should come from being stuck alone on a razed planet with a man he used to consider the most uncouth specimen of humanity in the entire verse.

"Don't drink from the faucet. Reavers like to poison the supply," warns Jayne as Simon fills the sink. "Can use it for washing, but it's best we be careful for a while." The big man strips off and hangs his pants and shirt over the top of the door. "Reckon I'd give away Vera for some hot water and a tub," he adds as he lathers up soap and scrubs himself down, avoiding the suppurating bite mark on his forearm.

Simon follows suit, wincing as the icy water makes contact with his balls. The soap smells good, making him feel fresher than he has done for a while and the only fly in the ointment comes from having to put filthy clothes back on afterwards. Simon vows that tomorrow he'll stockpile all the things he's been missing: toothpaste, shampoo, clean underwear... lube and condoms.

Afterwards, they fetch packs of cookies and bottled water from the kitchen and then head up to the bedroom. Having had almost no rest the previous night, Jayne's asleep before he's horizontal and although the snack food is good and the foldaway bed is more comfortable than anything he's slept on for a while, Simon's still restless. Listening to the oppressive silence that, for some bizarre reason, is more intimidating than echoing drips and distant Reaver sounds, he eventually slips down onto the floor and curls up beside Jayne.