Bride strips for her Fiance's Bachelor Party
by MFN

This is a story of what a bachelor party could be. No need to lie to the bride about what went on at the party.

A dear friend was getting married, and a former girlfriend of mine decided she wanted to be the stripper for his bachelor party. (She was also one of the bridesmaids.) Even though most of the guys would know her, she wanted to do this and asked me to arrange it. She and I were each others' best friends, confiding a lot of personal stuff both ways, so I was the person she turned to whenever she needed help. I agreed to see what I could do. So I got the groom to let me take responsibility for the stripper. Well, at the bachelor party she managed to pull the whole thing off, driving the guys wild by stripping down to full nude without anyone realising her identity, then made her exit. (The next morning she put the collected money in the offering basket at church.)

A couple of years later she was getting married herrself, and wanted to be the stripper for her fiance's bachelor party. Which meant, of course, that she'd be the stripper for her own wedding! She wanted to put on a classy strip tease just like she'd done previously for our buddy. This was how she wanted to start married life. I reminded her that once again, everyone there would know her. No problem, she really wanted to give them this final, special treat. Of course her two sisters wouldn't be attending the bachelor party, but they'd find out after the fact, through their husbands. She really wanted to do it. As her friend, I had to voice the obligatory objections to make it seem like I was protecting her, but fortunately she ignored me.

So she started planning. Again, she'd try to pull the whole thing off before they figured it out. She got a hairdresser friend to design a totally different look, both hair and makeup, that he could apply just before the party, and then undo it before the next morning if she still weren't discovered. Since he was invited anyway, that part would be easy. By the way, he wasn't gay, and said that just seeing her strip naked would take care of his fee.

She laid down the ground rules for her strip. She wants the room lights kept dim to make identifying her more difficult. No penises out, no touching without her consent, no photography.

Just three weeks out, we talk a lot about our secret plan and how our buddies will react. And she knows that if she's discovered, her sisters will learn what she did, mostly that their husbands had seen her naked. And her new brother-in-law, who happens to be the Best Man!

There will be quite a crowd this time, none of them strangers. All our buddies, plus most of the men from her office will be there, so she knows the risk she'll be taking if they recognise her.

She's determined to put on a really great tease. I go with her to visit a couple of out-of-town strip clubs to pick up some pointers. We notice that most of the strippers keep their thongs or g-strings on. She catches one of the girls and asks her about this, and learns that although the local laws allow full nudity, only the girls who are really proud of how their pussies look, or whose boyfriends aren't there, will show them. Apparently, men don't like to share the sight of their girlfriends' c*nts. She had shown hers for our buddy's wedding, but then again, nobody knew who she was. This time her own fiance will be there, seeing her strip in front of friends. She'd decide later whether to strip all the way down to exposing her c*nt, and whether to warn him. At the strip club she also learns how to focus on particular men in the audience, and watches a few lapdances. They give her a DVD to take home and study.

She takes a couple of days off from work to have more time with the videos, and demos some of the moves for me. She's really into this, and meets with her hairdresser to design her incognito look. The afternoon of the party, she goes to his studio, and the next time I see her is at the party. The event has been underway for an hour, and most of the guests are already well-oiled and starting to get rowdy, hoping a stripper shows up.

The room lights dim, and now the only light is from a couple of flood lamps focused on a gorgeous woman elegantly dressed in a smart business suit: smart black vest over a thin white low-cut blouse, short black skirt, nylons, tall black heels, nail polish, jewelry, tasteful makeup. Her hair is carefully swept up in a twist on the back of her head. I don't recognize her at all. Her trim figure and the shape of her legs look familiar, but nothing else. Did she chicken out at the last minute and find a substitute? The Best Man introduces her as 'Suzette' and lays out the rules about touching, etc., starts the mix tape, and finds a seat, leaving the spotlight illuminating only this breathtaking example of womanhood.

In a sultry, seductive voice she addresses us in a sort of French, with just enough English mixed in so that everyone can follow. She's seated on a tall bar stool, with one foot hooked over a rung. She's facing us. In time to the slow, grinding stripper music, she reaches up inside her skirt and pulls out a tiny g-string and flings it out to the crowd. It gets sniffed and passed around. Next, she reaches up again and brings out a pair of lacy panties. More sniffing and passing around. Followed by a garter belt and her nylons, removed seductively, each in turn. Still perched on the bar stool, she angles her knees toward us to allow a quick look at the bare skin all the way up her skirt. The lamps shine directly up between her legs. Her bare lips look very familiar to me, but this girl's mound is completely bare. She's engaged to someone other than me, and I haven't seen her naked for a while, but I could never forget the beauty of her particular c*nt. While I'm pondering this, She reaches into the blouse to unfasten her bra, which she pulls out through an arm holes of the blouse and the vest. Now her nipples are prominent through the nearly transparent blouse. This is too sexy--she's naked yet still fully clothed! Next her heels and nylons come off. She's wearing only the short skirt, vest, and blouse, and bending her body in ways to allow views of her bare c*nt and her thinly-veiled tits. All to the music. Then we realise that she's been performing a sort of 'inside-out' strip-tease, having first removed her underthings but still wearing her outer garments. In fact, she's been telling us this all along in her loose French, but we were busy looking instead of listening.

As the music moves to a faster beat, she hikes up her skirt a bit. She slides off the barstool, letting her skirt catch on the edge of the seat and ride all the way up to her waist. She leaves it that way, giving us our first good unobstructed view of her ass and c*nt, until the skirt settles by itself. I'm still not sure who this stripper is, but she sure seems to know how to hold an audience. Well-lit and in plain view, I study her, hoping for a positive identification. The lips and even the small protruding clit look familiar, but the pubic hair is completely gone. Maybe it really is someone else!

Her dancing includes dips, bows, and twirls, on and around the bar stool. Because of how she's barely dressed she's able to give us plenty of upskirt and downblouse views. The best upskirts are when she's on the barstool or bending over it. I have plenty of opportunity to study her lips and lack of pubic hair. The lips match but no fur. The last I'd seen her naked, she had a nicely trimmed full bush above her opening. The bare lips and clit look like hers. The tits and especially the nipples look right, so I can't quite tell yet. Still can't be sure. It's killing me!

Still affecting her French accent she tells us in broken English that when she's home in France in the summertime, this is how all the girls dress, and that we should go there if we enjoy looking up girls' skirts and down their blouses to see the bare skin. She tells us the girls there appreciate the looks, and that she likes us looking at her now.

By the time the next song ends, the skirt is off, leaving her wearing only her vest and the scanty blouse. Bottomless, she dances to the next two songs, emphasizing bends at the waist with her back to us. The fellows are howling in appreciation of her clean bottom and this view of her two holes. I'm wondering where in France they dress like this! I remember the crude schoolyard song that goes "...Oh they wear no pants, in the southern part of France..."

She's obviously enjoying this, as we can see from the wetness around her bare lips and running down between her legs. And the sharp points her nipples make against the inside of her blouse. Also, the expression on her face is one of contentedness, yet mixed with a bit of innocent shyness.

As the next song begins she gracefully pulls the blouse out from under the vest, finally freeing, yet still covering, her tits. Now she's almost nude, each panel of the vest partially obscuring one breast. She now sways around wearing only the vest, playing peek-a-boo with each nipple, until she stretches to shake off the vest. As that song ends, she faces us directly, feet apart and hands on her hips, finally naked. Playing the shy innocent thing, she coyly tells us she feels embarrassed, naked in front of all these men, but that she will take our staring as approval. Clapping and drumming their feet on the floor, the guys loudly approve. And stare.

She's wearing only heels and her jewelry. The jewelry! I take a closer look and see the engagement ring. Now I know for sure that this is the bride! She'd been flashing that ring around for the past few weeks. Her hair is different, both upstairs and down, but the ring is hers for sure. Now, where did that French come from? She'd spent a high school summer in Toulouse, so she must have picked up enough language to fake an accent. Very clever. Fooled me, but not any more. I'm wondering if anyone else is on to her.

Totally naked, she darts in and out between the light beam and the surrounding darkness, appearing first here, then over there. In the dark she makes her way through the crowd. I can't tell what she's doing, but when she gets to me she wraps her warm nakedness around me and gives me a quick kiss on the cheek, thanks me for arranging this, rubs my hand over her pussy and asks if I liked how smooth the hairdresser made it, whispers that she hadn't told her fiance anything so maybe he doesn't even know that the c*nt being displayed belongs to his bride, but that he'll be finding out soon! Then she moves on. I'm left wondering what she's doing with the other guests. I'm also left with a big wet spot on my thigh where she pressed herself against me. And a wet hand.

Everyone is hooting and hollering, wondering where she is and what she's doing in the dark. The only thing we know for sure is that she's naked and very vulnerable, and seems to be spending a few moments with each of us. Suddenly she steps into the light beam again, smiling.

She invites each guy in turn to step out of the darkness and to lie down on the floor. She stands looking down on him, then gets down on her hands and knees and slowly crawls over him, starting at his feet and ending up with her c*nt directly over his face, then she challenges him to wiggle out from under her without touching. Some are able to do it, but most can't seem to free themselves without getting a nose or tongue caught on her pussy lips.

She selects the groom last, gives him the same challenge, then sets him on a chair.
She performs a very sex-charged and personal lap dance on him. Right in front of his friends she straddles him and dry humps him, except that she's not so dry.

I'm hoping that by now the groom has figured out that this is his bride! In sync with the music her bare tits are making circles right in front of his face. I'm thinking, surely he must know those tits, but if he does, he doesn't let on. The gang is cheering her on, until she finally unfastens his belt and shoves his jeans down to set his cock free. She lowers herself to take in his cock as he hugs her tits to his face. Then the guys slowly start chanting and she responds by riding up and down in time with their chants. The pace of the chanting picks up, reaches a crescendo, then turns to applause just as the coupled couple exhaust themslves in mutual climax. She stays on him for a short while. As she lifts herself off, some of us notice the slick silvery strand still joining them, a real-life coda to the surreal happening we were just privileged to witness.

She faces us in triumph, hands together above her head, reminds everyone to never, ever tell the bride what the groom just did with the stripper, gives each guy a big hug, slips on the blouse, skirt, and shoes, takes a bow and leaves us to our party.

We decide to skip the porn videos, choosing instead to congratulate ourselves on how lucky we were to see what we'd just seen, declaring this to be the best bachelor party ever. We argue over how far out her clit was, whether her ass hole was pink or brown, the length of her nipples, how many times she came, and who gets to keep her stockings and underwear. We discuss the smell of her c*nt when she straddled each of our faces. Some of the fellows claim to have caught some of her drips on their faces or in their mouths. A few sucked a nipple as she crawled over. Two guys say they licked her ass hole as they were getting out from under her. But mostly we try to figure out who she was. One fellow claims to recognise her from a strip club, another insists she's in a porn movie he's seen. And someone else says she reminds him of their high school French teacher from a few years back, but he gets shouted down. Another thinks she looked just like the stripper he saw at a different bachelor party a couple of years ago.

Of course the hairdresser and I, and hopefully the groom, knew, but we kept our mouths shut. Anyway, the hairdresser had to sneak out early so he could restore the bride's hair and features for her wedding the next day. After all, she didn't want to look too much like the stripper they'd all be remembering for a long time!
