YOUNG IAN'S GLANS TORTURE

BY KENDAL

The following story is partly based on my own experience when
young. In this case Ian is being babysat by his two girl
neighbours.

Jane walked in and saw little Ian kneeling on the floor playing
with his penis, his zip was down and his penis, only about four
inches long, was sticking out erect. What Jane saw, was Ian
trying to pull the foreskin back on his penis.

"What do you think you are doing!" screamed Jane.

Ian quickly jumped and tried to push his penis back into his
pants.

"Not so fast you little shit let me see that."

Ian looked terrified; his penis was still hard and bulging out in
his little shorts.

"I will tell your mammy what you were doing and she will be very,
very cross" said Jane.

"Please don't tell, I am sorry, I wont do it again, please don't
hurt me" whimpered Ian.

"Let me see then" said Jane in a more motherly tone, "What were
you trying to do?"

"My tinkle, I want to pull the skin back a bit more, I can only
do it a little bit, and when I pull it, I can see the inside of
my tinkle is all red."

"Let me have a look."

Jane pulled out Ian's penis, it was still very erect, and it was
rock hard in fact. She examined it, she could see the veins were
nearly popping out against the tight, white skin, she could see
the foreskin was covering the glans at the end.

"I am not at all happy with you, drop your trousers NOW!"
screamed Jane.

"But, but, you said you would not hurt me". Ian was starting to
cry now, but his penis still remained erect.

"Over there, bend over, I am going to cane your bottom. Do it
now!"

Ian hobbled across to the chair in the corner, "Now bend over."

Ian bent over, and SWISH! The cane came down on Ian's white
bottom.

"Owwwwwwww!" cried Ian, "You said that you would not"

"Shut the fuck up! I do want I want to do, now get over there!"

Ian hobbled over to the other side of the room when Christine,
Jane's friend walked in only to see Jane there with her cane and
Ian standing with his pants down. His penis had gone down to a
shrivelled little stump.

"My, what a little willy you have" giggled Christine.

"I caught him playing with his willy earlier and I caned him for
being a naughty boy" said Jane.

"What shall we do with him, I would love to play with his little
willy and ballsies, do you think he can get hard?" said Christine
inquisitively.

"He was rock hard when I caught him, AND he was trying to pull
his foreskin back on his cock" said Jane.

"Was he now, I think we could have some fun with him" smirked
Christine. "How long do you think we have got until his mother
comes back?" said Christine excitedly.

"About two hours, that will be enough time to do what we want
with him."

They both burst out laughing. Ian stood there sobbing .His hands
were in front of his shrivelled penis and underdeveloped
testicles.

"STRIP" shouted Jane, "NOW!"

Ian slowly took of his top and slid his trousers down.

"Get on you knees and show us what you were trying to do to your
willy."

Ian looked at his tormentors and started to play with his small
penis.

"Oh for God's sake, let me do it" said Jane.

She gripped his small penis and started to masturbate him, soon
his penis was fully erect.

"Let us see now how you pull your skin back" said Christine.

Ian started to pull on his tight foreskin, only a little bit
started to peel back showing just the top half of his very red
glans.

"I,II can't get it back, it hurts."

"Come on you can do better than that!!"Shouted Christine.

"Here, let's hold him so I can have a go" said Jane, "You hold
his arms behind his back while I get my hands on his cock".
Christine held Ian, while Jane looked closely at his penis.

"Isn't it small and look at all those veins. Where are his balls,
are there any there?" They both burst out laughing again. Ian
just stared at his penis which was jutting out straight from his
body, he was whimpering.

Jane proceeded to grip his penis and tried to retract the
foreskin, she pulled a and pulled, Ian started struggling, "Stop
it, you're hurting me again" cried Ian.

"Get him onto the bed "shouted Jane in frustration, "I want to
see his skin stretched right the way back, I want to see his red
nob, even if we end up torturing him.

"No, no, please no!!" pleaded Ian.

Christine dragged him over by his arms on to the bed, "Lie down,
we want to do this to you now, and don't move or we will cut your
cock off!"

The two girls went into hysterics.

"I'm getting wet" said Jane, "So am I, lets do it naked, I've
always wanted to play with his cock, do you think he can spunk
ye?"

"I doubt it, with balls that size, I doubt."

With that, Jane felt Ian's small scrotum and felt for his little
testicles.

"I think there is one here, god, it is the size of a peanut" She
squeezed his little testicle.

Ian screamed. "Shut the fuck up, you little shit, one more move
and I will squeeze your little ball again and pop it."

Ian calmed down; amazingly, his penis was still erect all through
this abuse.

"I know what his problem is; I think it is called phimosis or
something" said Christine." I remember reading about it where the
foreskin is too tight to retract past the glans and they have to
circumcise. I think we can get it back without doing that, don't
you think so Jane?"

"I can't wait, let's get on". Jane started to finger her pussy,
"I am so wet, I really want to hurt this little bastard, he
always was a wimp, and even his mother said so once. She did say,
when we babysat for him we should stand no nonsense, let's get
on."

Christine started to grip Ian's penis, and draw the skin, tight
down.

"It is very stubborn, isn't it?"

"Just like him really" Laughter.

She started to push down on his erect penis, the skin stretching
over the glans. "It is going to pop out. Look."

The skin stretched half way down the glans.

"Ow!, stop, please be careful, my willy is sore" cried Ian.

With that, Jane said, "Stop, let me have a go, I want to do it."

Jane gripped hard and with all her might pushed the foreskin way
past the glans and down the shaft.

"His skin is tearing, look!"

They looked and saw that the inner foreskin was still attached to
the glans rim and was slowly separating as she drew the sleeve of
skin down.

"Do it, do it!" Christine shouted.

Ian was screaming as the girls tore at his foreskin.

"Back further, back, get it right down, I want to see it bleed.

Jane pushed a final push, the skin tore from the corona, leaving
only the frenum tight and stretched at the back.

"There, all done."

"Ian was crying. His penis was erect; the foreskin had slipped
back and was tight bunched up behind the rim of his corona. The
glans was swollen and very red. "What else can we do, I fancy
masturbating him" said Jane.

"Another time, we've only got ten minutes until his mother comes
back"

With that they told Ian to get dressed and not say a word, or
else they would tell his mother what a very bad boy he'd been.
The next time they would baby-sit for him, they would have
thought of new ways of torturing Ian's penis and testicles.

