May It Please the Court
by base

"May it please the Court, your Honor, I am Donna Salem, Amicus curiae, presenting as a Friend of the Court."

All eyes turned to the naked girl holding a brief case. A loud ruckus erupted.

The Judge slammed his gavel, "Silence! I'll have quiet in the court, or I'll have the bailiff clear the court room." The Judge gave a stern look around the room, and the audience fell quiet while still angling to get a better look at the naked girl. The Judge turned his attention to the naked girl, "You have ten seconds to explain yourself before I have the bailiff arrest you."

The prosecutor rose, "I am sorry, your Honor."

The Judge tapped his gavel and pointed it at the prosecutor, "I asked the young lady to explain herself, not an apology from you." He turned back to the naked girl, "And please do speak up."

The girl said, "Thank-you, your Honor. My name is Donna Salem, and I..."

The Judge said, "Salem? Not the same Salem as the prosecutor. Jim?"

The prosecutor sat quiet.

The naked girl said, "Yes. Deputy prosecutor James Salem is my father, but that is not why I am here. I came here today to explain how the accused is being mistreated and falsely prosecuted."

The Judge leaned forward, and said, "That's why the defendant has legal council, and I might add, legal council is dressed."

Donna said, "Yes, your Honor, and that is the trouble. The defendant's legal council does not believe in his client innocence. He has been assigned to the case since the prosecutor raised the legal implication to include sexual misconduct. As fine of an attorney as he might be, he is defending his client, not challenging the law that brought his client before your court."

The Judge said, "And you are? and naked at that?"

Donna said, "Yes, your Honor. I am challenging the law in this case, and I am not naked. Not by the City Code."

The judge said, "Lecturing me in the law?"

Donna said, "Of course not, your Honor. I am merely presenting myself to the court as what is allowed by law to demonstrate the clearly subjective and invalid means in which the City Code is written. I refer the Court to city Code Section 3.2 Part iii(e) where the definition of indecent exposure is listed."

The Judge shuffled some paper, and Donna's father flipped through his own books.

Donna did not need to read it. She knew the law. "Indecent exposure of the female breast shall have occurred if any or part of the female areola is visible to the public either covered or covered by non-opaque material or paint." She pointed to her breasts where circular pasties covered her own areola. "By this law, I am not exposed to the public."

The Judge grinned, "But the defendant was not accused of wearing pasties, but of baring her naked breasts."

Donna said, "True, your Honor. But from a distance, there is no observable difference. You thought I was topless and naked, when I was not, as I pointed your attention to the cover over my nipples."

The Judge leaned forward to look at Donna's full body. "And down below?"

Donna said, "Subection 3.2.1, Part ii(b), deals with the display of genitalia in public. Your Honor is fully aware that female genitalia are internal, but as to not split hairs on definitions, I draw your attention to the tape covering my vagina." She spread her legs slightly, and the court room all leaned for a better view. She did have a tan piece of tape covering her clit on back.

Donna said, "Your Honor, if I am dressed as I am and not in violation of the law, the police would attempt to harass me for the crime that the defendant is accused. Without a closer inspection of the facts, the police officer could not have told the difference, not at the distance he was in his patrol car."

The Judge said, "But none of this makes actually going nude legal."

Donna said, "Your Honor, if the police have to stop and inspect everyone in a quite personal manner before determining whether one is indecent or not, justice is not being served. It becomes an invasion of privacy for everyone."

The Judge had a good chuckle. He turned to the prosecutor, "Help me here."

The prosecutor shook his head, then stood, "Nothing has been entered into evidence your Honor. Without evidence, there is no claim to being covered or not."

The Judge said, "Are you ready to enter into evidence the legal cover, so to speak?"

Donna breathed deep and stepped forward peeling off her pasties and reaching between her legs and pulling the tape loose that reached to covering her anus. She thanked small favors for not having to demonstrate that her anus was in fact covered. She laid the three tiny pieces of tape on the Judge's bench.

The Judge said, "Now explain why I should not have you throw in jail for appearing in my court room naked?"

Donna said, "Upon Court order, I surrendered my cover. Now, the Court must decide whether it required an illegal act to occur or whether female nudity is not at all indecent, and requires subjective and intrusionary searches of innocent people."

The Judge asked, "Intrusionary?"

Donna shrugged, "Intrusion on her right to privacy."

The judge looked to Donna's father, "What do you have to say about all of this?"

Mr. Salem looked at his naked daughter standing in court. She seemed unashamed and clear of purpose. While he agreed with her legal claims, he had a responsibility to uphold the laws as written. He rose to speak, "You Honor, while the Amicus curiae made an impressive presentation to the Court, the practical matter is that someone walking naked in public is guilty of indecent exposure. No city in the state would say different."

Donna turned and looked at her father in shock. Mr. Salem realized his mistake, "Excuse me, your Honor. There is one city with relaxed indecency laws. A small college town."

The Judge smiled, "Oh yes, I've been reading about that campus." He thought for a moment. Looking at the beautiful naked girl standing in courtroom, he said, "For the life of me, I cannot call God's gift to man indecent. However, I am reluctant to declare female nudity legal at this time within these City Limits. I will postpone my judgment on the matter to the legality of the City's indecent exposure laws pertaining to female exposure. In one month, we will reconvene in this Court where I will make a ruling before hearing the defendant case. What I will need to see that this right is wanted by someone in the community. For if no one acts for the right, no rights are being furthered. Miss Salem, do you understand me?"

Donna stood straight, "Yes, your Honor. I do."

The Judge slammed his gavel, "This court will reconvene in four weeks. The defendant is free to go until then, and the evidence presented here today will be marked and sealed until then."

The defendant looked bewildered. "What happened?"

Her public defender said, "I'm not real sure myself, but we'll need to come back here in one month."

Donna walked over to explain, "I bought you an extra month. The fact that the prosecutor cannot defend his laws is a good sign. The Judge only needs to know someone wants to be able to bare themselves in the next four weeks."

The woman looked shocked, "I was just changing my clothes in a deserted parking lot. I have no intention of running around naked. Not for a second, a day, and definitely not for a month!"

Jim Salem came over to his daughter to congratulate her. With a smile on his face knowing he would eventually win, he said, "Seems you have no one to express that right, and we'll just be back to where we were this morning. Effective argument and presentation. Now get your clothes on and go home. You might run around naked on that campus, but not here."

Donna said, "Sorry Dad. I will win this decision. Not only am I going to go the month nude, but I will make some phone calls to some college friends who will help me. It is not that we want to go nude, but we don't want the police deciding what we wear is decent or not. The trouble on campus is the inspectors do that, but there, it is not a legal matter, just a campus code. You would turn the police force into those inspectors and have girls stripped down to prove their innocence. I will not have that!"

Jim Salem walked to the side door of the court room towards his office. Sitting in his desk was the Judge. They laughed. Jim said, "I told you I got her all wound up on this case."

The Judge said, "So you think we'll have naked co-eds roaming the streets soon?"

Jim sat down on the sofa and said, "One can hope. One can hope."

The Judge said, "But getting other women to join is going to be troublesome."

Jim said, "Vanity. All it will take is these ladies to see how much attention the naked co-eds get. I have it all set with the lodge members. Perfect gentlemen, and appreciative, too."



Fall out of the Court Decision

"What are you doing?" I grabbed Lucy and pulled her inside my apartment. "You can't go around town naked! You'll get arrested. Can't you just wait until we get to the beach?"

Lucy stood there grinning.

I said, "What are you smiling about?"

Lucy said, "Mary, you haven't been listening to the news or reading the paper, have you?"

I said, "If the world lost its mind, I think I had heard about it."

Lucy said, "Turn on the news. It is all over."

I flipped on the TV, and sure enough, the newscaster was reporting on a State Supreme Court Ruling last night. They ruled it discriminatory to allow men to go without a shirt, but not a woman. It had to do with a breastfeeding case.

I said, "Good. Makes no sense to not allow a mother to feed her hungry a baby, but exposing a breast is one thing, Lucy, you are completely naked!"

Lucy sat down and put her feet up on my coffee table, knowing I hated that. I watched the news as the next segment started. The State Attorney General said, "Based on the wording of the Supreme Court's opinion, exposing reproductive organs is restricted, and a woman's organs are internal." The reporter asked if that really meant a female could go naked in public. He said, "Yes, and it seems we only have two recourses. We can find another case to bring for the Supreme Court to fix their opinion, or we can address the issue in legislative session." The reporter asked how long it would take, and he replied, "We know both will take months. The legislature is not even in session. The Governor will have to call them back, and that is a minimum of a month if one representative delays coming to the Capitol."

The reporter asked, "And another option is to do nothing, right?"

The Attorney General said, "Philosophically speaking, yes, but not politically."

Lucy said, "I told you so."

I waited for the commercial break to end. The Attorney General said, "We hope to have a remedy by Monday for the Court, but the reality is the Court's sloppy opinion has left us exposed, so to speak. Fortunately, lewd behavior is covered under part of the code unaffected by yesterday's ruling." He turned to look at the camera, "We will prosecute to the fullest extent of the law possible for anyone thinking this is a free orgy weekend."

I clicked off the TV. I flopped down on the chair opposite Lucy, "No way!

Lucy said, "You better believe it. We have this weekend to play. I intend to take advantage of it. We should not have to hide on the far beach. We aren't doing anything wrong. This is our weekend to prove it!"

I said, "I don't know. And where did you come up with this 'our' weekend bit?"

Lucy said, "Mary, you are part of this. You can't run away from this opportunity. I've heard you talk about the injustice over on the nude beach. All talk?"

I told her, "This isn't the same thing. Only females can go nude. Males still cannot expose their sex organs. Isn't that what he said?"

Lucy said, "Small steps. I think we should get to the beach early and talk to some others to see what they are planning to do."

I said, "That is the first thing you said that makes any sense today. Okay, let's go and see what other have to say."

Lucy said, "First, take off that cover-up. You don't need it!"

There was no stopping Lucy. I had nothing to argue against her. I figured a quick dash to her car, and a short drive around the lake would be fine. It was legal, I guess.

I tossed off my cover-up and picked up my beach bag. I said, "If we are going, let's go before I change my mind."

Lucy was out the door in a flash. I hurried to her car. I stopped halfway across the parking lot. She had the top of her convertible down. There's no stopping Lucy when she's on a roll.

Lucy bounced into the car, "Ready to go?"

I sat down shaking my head.

As we pulled from the parking lot, we passed one of my neighbors, Mrs. Phillips. She smiled and say, "Oh to be young again." We waved, and Lucy pulled into traffic.

She passed the turn, and I looked at her. She said, "Oh, need to stop at the bank first."

I was trapped, and I knew it. I could only laugh.

Lucy pulled into the bank, but rather than using the drive-thru, she parked.

I said, "Oh, Lucy, just go through the drive-thru so we can get going."

She pulled out some papers, "I can't. I need the manager's signature. I have to go inside, but you are welcome to stay here. I'll be back in twenty minutes or so."

Just then a pick-up with some kids in the back yelled out, "Hey, those girls are naked over there! Turn around!"

I said, "I'm coming inside with you. This was a mistake!"

Lucy didn't think so, walking to the entrance, she said, "I can't wait to see the manager's face when he sees us!"

We walked in the door and suddenly shocked by the scene. A bank robbery was in progress.

A masked man at the door said, "Holey shit!"

A man standing on the desk spun around, and seeing Lucy and me, lost his balance. As he fell, his gun fired and hit the doorway masked man in the arm, who dropped his gun. The third robber tired crawling over the teller counter, but slipped and fell on his face. A guard and a customer dove for the fallen robbers. Lucy and I pushed the masked robber at the door out the entrance where he hit his head and fell to the ground.

WOW! It took maybe five seconds. Everyone was stunned. Then the police cars arrived with the TV vans right behind them. Next thing I know, we are giving the police our statements, and as we stepped back outside, the TV cameras and reporters came rushing up to us. We had to relive the scene for them. On the third station's 'exclusive' interview, Lucy remembered she still needed the manager's signature. I had to give the last interview by myself. Fortunately, Lucy came out just as I finished, and we made quick to her car. We were blocked by the police cars and TV vans.

Lucy said, "We need to use our new fame for the nude cause. Let's give them another interview. They owe us!"

Lucy made a great spokeswoman, and I made a backdrop. One interviewer called us the naked super heroines. They were treating the nude movement more like a joke, but Lucy stressed her points and I smiled a lot.

I turned on my cellphone, and had like 20 messages. I put it away. Did everyone spend their Saturdays watching the news?

We had planned to go to the nude beach, but it was approaching noon. Lucy had other ideas, "Let's grab something to eat before meeting up with the rest. Okay?"

A normal 'grab something to eat' meant a fast food drive thru, so i agreed, but today nothing was normal. Lucy pulls up to one of the nicer restaurants on our end of town.

I said, "Luce, you are pushing things. Do you really think they will sit us? Get a grip on reality."

Lucy said, "We have to test them. If we assume they won't, then they never have to address the issue. But if we push it, they may turn us away, no big deal, but we will have made our point. Besides, when is the next time you planned on eating here?"

Getting kicked out of a restaurant that you never really go to is not a big deal, right? I knew Lucy was ready to make a big scene when it happened, so I agreed.

This was not a normal weekend. We walked inside and the matre'd immediately smiled. The people waiting to be seated were shocked by the appearance of two nude diners. Lucy said, "Table for two, please."

The matre'd said in a poor French accent, "We have a bit of a wait."

Lucy said, "No problem."

Then to my utter horror, Mr. Pennison, the owner of my workplace, came walking to the lobby, "Mary! My wife thought it was you." He turned to the matre'd, "Henri, these two lovely ladies foiled the bank robbery this morning, please, it would be my honor for them to join me at my table."

It was what Lucy said that got me moving, "You can stand in the waiting room for 40 minutes, or go sit down and eat and be gone in those 40 minutes."

The matre'd seemed pleased, too pleased. He glided through the dining room as Mr. Pennison encouraged us to follow. Henri made an announcement, "Celebrities! The two lovely ladies who triumphed over the bank robbers just this morning." Several in the room rose and applauded. One man was pulled back down to his seat by his wife.

I turned my focus on our table as Lucy waved to the crowd. I said, "Hello there, Mrs. Pennison, nice to see you."

She beamed up at us, "Oh, how exciting your morning has been. You must tell me all about it, but first, do tell me about going naked. I'm afraid I do not have the courage, nor would anyone want to see an old lady naked in public."

Mr. Pennison was finishing holding our chairs as we sat down when he said, "Oh, I think a few of us dirty old men would enjoy seeing that."

Lucy went on about her nude movement and body type awareness. I couldn't help but feel the stares not only from everyone in the room, but much more personally from Mr. Pennison.

We ordered a Mediterranean salad each, and then re-told the bank robber story as many people listened. Mr. Pennison order a wine that made Henri quite happy. I took it as a very expensive one. We enjoyed our meal and wine, but also the conversation trying to avoid the bank and nudity.

Lucy admitted to being 'between jobs' when Mrs. Pennison said, "I've been looking for someone to drive me around town, and help me keep to my appointments."

Mr. Pennison beamed, "What a great idea! Lucy, how would you like a job working for us. Mrs. Pennison needs someone to get her around town, shopping, doctor's appointments, and such. We'll start you out at $10 an hour, and if everything works out fine, we can make that more."

Lucy said, "How much more? A girl's has to pay rent. And would I have to wear one of those chauffeur's outfits?"

Mr. Pennison sat back, "I would think $15 an hour if you didn't wear anything."

Lucy said, "I'll take the job!"

Mr. Pennison said, "Of course, the higher pay would only be as long as it is legal. We'll settle in between once they correct the legal codes."

I said, "$15 an hour? That's more than I make."

Mr. Pennison said, "Mary, I'll give you a raise as well if you agree to work in the office nude, at least until the law is changed. Say 50% until then?"

Lucy answered before I could, "She'll do it!"

I said, "Wait a minute, Luce. I'm not so sure."

Lucy said, "Didn't you listen to anything I told those reporters? We have to do this. It is a rare opportunity. Besides, if that lawyer guy on TV is right, they'll start working to change the law on Monday."

Mrs. Pennison said, "Oh, this is wonderful! Lucy, you come to work with Mary on Monday morning, and Mr. Pennison will give you the keys to our car. We'll make the day of it shopping."

Mr. Pennison laughed as he said, "Oh dear, this is going to cost me much more than higher wages if she goes shopping all the time."

Lucy said, “Perhaps not if Mrs. Pennison decides to show off her body, too. Clothing costs can be next to zero for a nudist.”

