This work is copyrighted to the author (C) 2006.  Please
don't remove the author information or make any changes
to this story.  You may post freely to non-commercial
"free" sites, or in the "free" area of commercial sites.
Thank you for your consideration.
--------------------------------------------------------


by Dudester 

***

A middle aged retiree meets a young goddess who wants a 
lustful daddy. (Mf(14), teen, cons, exh, rom)

***

OK, so I won the lottery, but after taxes, it was only 
1.28 million. Still, it allowed me to quit my high 
pressure job and move out to the country. After setting 
up my new home, I came to several realizations, among 
them that I no longer had health insurance.

I looked around for a while and found a security 
company that fit the bill just right. 32 hours a week, 
which was the right amount of pocket money, and I was 
able to get health benefits. I ended up being placed in 
a low rise with two evening shifts and two day shifts-
weekends. I was allowed to read a book and listen to a 
radio. A perfect job for a student, or retiree.

My first Friday night was when I saw her. A little 
young teen goddess who paused for a second as she 
passed the security desk on the way out. She looked 
part Asian and was somewhat small for her age. Based on 
her clothing and looks, I thought she might've been 
someone's little princess using daddy's computer for 
some project. 

A week later, I saw her when she came in. I noted the 
name, Lia Thermopolis, as she signed in at the desk. 
She made a noticeable gesture of looking at my nametag. 
"Working, or visiting?" I asked. 

"Working," she said.

"Really?" I inquired.

"Just part time, but it's pocket money."

"Well, have fun," I said.

She walked off and disappeared into the elevators. I 
went back to the novel I was engrossed in. She 
reappeared a couple of hours later to sign out. After 
placing her time out, she looked again at my nametag.

"It says, J. What is the J for?" she asked.

"My first name is John."

"How old are you John."

"I'm 42, how old are you?"

"I'm 14."

That's when I was amazed. She stood just barely over 
4'6," but quickly explained that her mother was 
Vietnamese and her father was Greek. She went on to 
explain that she worked a couple of hours a week 
cleaning an office for twenty bucks a week, as a favor 
from one of her father's friends. The money allowed her 
to not use her debit card, which her father carefully 
monitored.

During our discussion, I also took in her appearance. 
Her face had a doll like quality with a tiny nose, but 
exaggerated lips and almond shaped brown eyes. Long 
light brown hair framed her pretty face and fell onto 
the shoulders of a petite frame. Golf ball sized 
breasts hid underneath a tight blue terry cloth top, 
and her tight little round butt was snug under some 
blue shorts.

We concluded our talk with me telling her the hours I 
worked. "See you next week John," she said with a 
smile. It was a perfect smile on that wonderful face of 
hers. She was a delightfully beautiful girl with a nice 
personality. Where I grew up, beautiful girls like her 
were cheerleaders with an exaggerated opinion of 
themselves, but this one actually worked, and took time 
to talk to a stranger like me.

The following Friday, she stopped by the desk again. We 
talked about the weather, her school, that spring break 
had just begun, then moved on to her family. It seemed 
that her mother had returned to Vietnam three years 
earlier and her father traveled quite a bit on 
business. That was when she bit her lip and asked if I 
would mind staying the night with her until her father 
returned, which would be on Tuesday-four days from now.

The first problem was that it was Friday night. I had 
an eight hour turnaround until my next shift, and I 
lived twenty miles away. I asked where she lived. She 
told me it was the ritzy subdivision behind the 
building.

I agreed to pack for a visit when I got home, which 
made her light up. She gave me a quick peck on the 
cheek and dashed off. 

**

The next day, Saturday, she showed up an hour before my 
shift ended. "Are you ready?" she asked when she came 
in. 

"I have to wait for the end of shift" I explained 
before we got into a discussion of the things we would 
do over the weekend. During our talk, she slid up to 
sit on the desk. It was then that I noticed that she 
was wearing sandals that day, and that she had 
beautiful feet. I'm not a foot fetishist, but, Lia 
actually had perfect beautiful feet. 

The nails were in perfect proportion to the toes they 
were on and the toes were in perfect proportion to the 
size of the foot. Feet like these were photographed for 
sandal ads in magazines. I don't know why, but I took 
her right sandal off, placed her foot on my knee, and 
placed my hand on top of her foot to feel the soft skin 
on it.

She only paused a second at my display of weirdness, 
but several minutes later I replaced the sandal. It was 
then that my relief came in carrying his book bag. He 
was a college senior who took little notice of Lia 
sitting on the desk. "I have some killer mid terms" he 
announced, "so if you would like take off early, I got 
no problems with it."

Lia and I took off to her place. The house looked like 
the others in the subdivision from the outside, but the 
treat was just inside the door. The house had a sunken 
granite themed living room complete with a waterfall 
and fireplace. The dining room, just beyond, had a 
nautical theme, and the adjacent family room had a 
western theme.

We dumped my stuff and headed out to the movies. We did 
some mall walking, then ate in a nice restaurant. When 
we got home, we took in some TV in the family room. She 
sat right next to me. I could feel the warmth of her 
body and the suppleness of her thighs pressed against 
mine. I put my arm around her shoulders and she leaned 
in. It grew late and I had to turn in because my final 
shift of the week was at six in the morning. Lia only 
let me get up from the couch after a hug. 

**

The next afternoon, we did some sightseeing before 
having dinner and heading home. We again took in some 
TV. Lia fell asleep on me and I carried her off to bed. 
As I laid her on her bed, she rolled over onto her 
side. I paused for several minutes to watch this 
perfect beautiful little angel sleep. Feeling a warmth 
in my chest, I went off to the guest room.

The next morning at breakfast, our discussion was a 
little intimate involving feelings about our families 
and our growing relationship. I confessed to her that 
the first time I saw her, I thought she was a 
cheerleader and/or a model. That tripped something in 
her as she told me that she had been approached to do 
some modeling, but her father turned it down as the 
taxes on her income would cost him money. She told me she 
wanted to do some modeling and her father had a nice 
digital camera.

After breakfast we retrieved the camera and she showed 
me how she had downloaded pictures onto her computer. 
She was brimming with ideas about what she wanted to 
pose in. I suggested the waterfall and she headed off 
to her room to change. While I was still checking the 
light in the living room, she appeared in a beautiful 
blue formal gown.

I posed her and took half a dozen shots. She took off 
and reappeared in jeans and a frilly long sleeve shirt. 
We took more shots this time, filling the camera's 
memory. We downloaded the pictures, then with the 
camera ready again, I headed for the living room while 
she changed. Several minutes later, she appeared in a 
bikini. I posed her in some similar shots, then had her 
stand in the water. On the second pose, I had her lean 
towards the water to catch her backside. I took the 
shot, then asked her not to move. 

I leaned over and moved the waistband on her bottoms to 
expose a couple of inches of her butt crack. As I took 
the shot, I said "A little bit of tease." After the 
shot, she said, "How about a lot of tease?" as she 
moved her bottoms to expose her entire rear. We both 
giggled, then I took the shot.

"And more tease?" she asked as she placed a hand on the 
string tying her top. I took the shot, then she tugged 
some on the string. I took another shot, then the knot 
came undone. I took the shot and Lia turned to face me. 
Reaching behind her neck, she undid the knot at her 
neck. I took a couple of shots. 

The fabric on her top kept her tiny breasts concealed, 
but not for long as she discarded the top displaying 
tiny white cone shaped breasts topped with nickel sized 
beige nipples. I took several shots of her topless, 
then she went for her bottoms, taking them off as well. 
A slit with just a few hairs came into view. 

I took a couple of full frontal shots, then had her 
move to the couch where I posed her in different shots. 
Just then, the camera beeped, signaling the memory was 
full. We walked to her room and downloaded the shots. 
After the camera was ready again, she asked "now what?"

I told her she could put on an outfit, or we could take 
some naughty shots on the bed. "I want to take the 
naughty shots," she answered.

I had her spread eagle on the bed, then go to a spread, 
pussy lips pulled open shot. After I took the shot, she 
asked, "Why am I the only one naked here? Take your 
clothes off." I undressed with her eyes watching my 
every move. I noticed her eyes lock onto my dick as my 
shorts came off. I started to suggest a pose, then she 
countered with, "How about a picture of me holding your 
weenie?"

She slid over to the edge of the bed. She gently took 
my dick in her hand. I took a couple of shots. "Now 
kiss it" I instructed. I took the pic as her lips 
touched the tip of my dick, which decided to ooze pre 
cum just then.

"Is this pee?" she asked.

"No, that happens when a dick gets hard."

"Is it sperm?"

"No, but close."

"What should I do with it?" as a good sized drop had 
gotten on her hand.

"Just rub it on me."

I felt the most wonderful sensations while she rubbed 
my pre cum on my dick and stomach. "Lay back" I 
instructed her. She laid back and I spread her legs. 
Lowering my head between her legs I began to lick her 
clit. She jumped, moaning loudly with an "Oooooh." She 
started breathing deeply, gasping as I licked her slit 
and tongue fucked her little hole. She shrieked as I 
forced my finger, just an inch, into her little hole.

She was moaning and shrieking as I licked, sucked, and 
finger fucked her. Her hole was so little and so tight, 
I didn't think I would be able to get my dick in. She 
began raising her hips. Then screeched as she pushed my 
head away and went through the spasms I knew was an 
orgasm.

I waited for her spasms to subside and listened to her 
breath. She looked at me with a new look of lust as I 
moved between her legs and placed my dick at her 
opening. It took several minutes of both of us trying, 
but I finally got just the tip in. She arched her back 
and winced in pain, but I was able to get another inch 
in. I waited a couple of minutes, then pushed a little 
more, but it was all I was going to be able to get in 
her. 

Slowly, I began using a pumping motion. She was 
gasping, moaning, and clawing at the sheets. Suddenly, 
I fell over the precipice as my dick shot a load of cum 
into her. It was a long satisfying orgasm as my cum 
filled her hole, spilling back out onto my nuts, her 
ass, and the sheets. 

I withdrew and laid next to her. She lovingly ran her 
hand along my chin before giving me a long kiss. "Wanna 
try again?" I asked.

"No, it hurts," she replied, "but we'll try later, OK?"

"I think I love you," I told her.

"I love you too. I'm glad you stayed over. My dad is 
gone often. Can I stay with you when he's gone?"

"You don't need to ask," I gave her a kiss.

"OK daddy."

"Daddy?" I asked as I poked her in the side.

She giggled and ran from the bed. I caught her in the 
bathroom and playfully spanked her a few times. 

Needless to say, I have a new wonderful girlfriend.

