Fuckfest on a busride to Badrinath
By Bhuralund@gmail.com


When we just got married, my wife and I decided to go to a temple
located high up on the Himalayas. It is a very special temple where
Shiva and Parvati got married and we thought it would bring good luck
to our newly married life.

The temple is located at a very high altitude of 8,000m above the sea
level and understandably it is bitterly cold there. Being young, the
only way we could afford to reach there was by a private bus. We
boarded the already packed bus at 2am and realized there was no way we
were going to get comfortable at all as most of the passengers were
going to the same area as there are many famous temples in the
vicinity.

The bus which was probably meant to accommodate about 45 passengers
had more than 100 passengers, crammed every where. The seats meant for
three people were packed with at least five and there was absolutely
no place to move once you parked yourself even in a standing space.
The specially designed bus had a slightly larger standing area at the
back. This area had no seats at all but it had this standing seat
along the bus walls. We couldn't even find one of these standing seats
as a group of loudly speaking village men parked their backsides there
just before us.

Anyway, we knew it was a long five-hours journey but since we had
decided to go, we just decided to endure it. The temple, being in such
cold area, was opened to worshippers only for two months in a year,
and we unfortunately were going there only in the last week before the
temple closed for the next 10 months.

Thank god it was winter, otherwise all these packed bodies inside this
small space would have been horrible. In fact we were quite warm
because of all the people around us, wrapped in blankets and shawls
and all things warm. We ourselves had a big blanket to wrap around
ourselves.

As the bus started we realized what problem we will face throughout
the journey - the hilly-terrain road curves at every 200 or half a km
making all the passengers sway here and there like pendulums. Since
the bus was very crowded, even if we didn't hold on to the handrails,
we still pushed against someone or the other.

The very first time, the bus lurched over the corner, my wife was
pushed against this old villager on the standing seat but people in
the Indian villages are very accommodating and caring about such
things and the man didn't make a fuss and he even helped her get back
in her standing position by holding her still with his two hands.

We were also overdressed. I was wearing two pairs of longjohns under
my corduroys and four layers of shirts and undershirts with a warm
large jacket topping it all. My wife on the other hand, was dressed in
the traditional Indian saree. There is no way to wear many layers
underneath so she had worn stockings under her petticot. On top, she
was wearing a traditional blouse which shows a lot of midriff but when
it comes to cold winds, you can freeze to death. But anyway, she was
wearing a cardigan and a thick kashmiri shawl was draped around her
shoulders.

And like I said it was very crowded, whenever I tried to put my arms
around her waist, I invariably touched other people's body so I just
let it be.

After we passed the outskirts of the small town, to our relief, the
driver switched off the lights and brought the bus into utter darkness
with no light even from the thick forested external environment.

My wife held on my shoulders and putting her face to my chest, she
tried to grab a few winks. It was impossible for me to get any sleep
in the "lurching" situation, so I just held on the handrails for dear
life with both hands. The bus was swaying and rocking and moving
forward at the same time. The old carriage was rickety and the windows
made deafening din with glass frames colliding with the body frame.
And of course the cold wind that was creeping inside from the hundreds
of nooks and crevices in the bus.

My wife was soon asleep, and I could feel her hands slipping down from
my shoulder. At last they stopped at my waist and stopped there. She
was also slumping a bit having been dead tired because of not sleeping
before boarding the bus and for walking 23 miles out of our village.
She was sleeping deeply and probably didn't even remember that she was
on a bus. Now her head had also slipped down almost to my stomach and
her buttocks were slightly splayed, pushed behind further away from
her body. Her ample ass had landed right in the lap of the old
villager, who also seemed asleep. Almost everyone around us seemed to
enjoy some shut eye.

There were men of all shapes and sizes on all sides of us. There were
some women, but they were lucky enough to get seats in the front.
There was a rather unusually tall man next to our right and there was
a rather pathetic looking wretch on his right, making him positioned
just next to my wife. To our left, were four nasty looking swarthy men
wearing stale smelling clothes and covering themselves with huge
black, woolen blankets. There were three men behind me to the right
and the left and right smack behind me but I couldn't see them. The
standing seats were taken mostly by men whose wives were sitting in
front. Everyone seemed fast asleep, holding on to whatever they could.

I also sort of dozed a little in the cramped but surprisingly cosy
interiors. At one corner as the bus lurched, I was awakened slightly.
I felt some movement behind me like, but anyway the man behind me had
been so close to me all this while that I had been feeling his front
at my back right since the bus started moving. Then I notice that my
wife had further slumped down in the lap of the old man. But he was no
complaining. If it was me I would have thrown her off my lap but the
nice old man had actually held her from her waist to prevent her
falling down.

Although it was difficult to see in the dark, I could make out that my
wife's sari had been pulled up to her thighs in all the movement. The
nice old man was rubbing her thigh with one hand probably to keep her
warm in such cold. I made a mental note to give him a thank you gift
when we got down. Then I realized that the very tall man on my right
had his hands on my wife's breasts and he was slowly massaging them.
But his eyes were shut so I brushed the movement to the fact that he
was probably thinking it is his wife in his dream. Poor thing! His big
black paw of a hand had covered the entire breast of my wife and
looked just so incredible. The other wretch like man next to the tall
one, was shivering with cold and had placed his head between my wife's
breasts, just next to the tall man's hand.

On the other side, the four nasty men had very kindly draped some of
their blanket on their side of my wife to keep her warm. The rest I
couldn't see as most of the other side of my wife was covered by their
blanket.

The movement behind my back had made me feel itchy and I snaked my
hand behind just to scratch my back a little. My hand slid along my
wife's hand somehow still draped behind my back holding me for
support. But I was surprised to find that she was holding something in
her hands. Something very hot and slippery. I felt a jerk, when my
hand touched the hot rod like thing. Oh it felt so nice. The thing was
burning hot and in such cold weather seemed like heaven send. I also
held on to it tightly. It was fairly large and I was not able to hold
it completely in my hand. I could also feel some throbbing vein-like
protrusions on the surface. And it was getting wetter and wetter. The
more I sqeezed it, the wetter it got. My wife's hand was moving up and
down the rod-like thing. When I moved my hand further away to check
how long was that thing, I can across some scrubby, brush-like
substance sticking from a flat hot skin like surface and as I trailed
my hand downwards I could feel two strong and large but very hairy
fruits.

Just then I felt hot air on my neck and the man behind me pushed onto
me a little. He bit my ears and whispered, "Yeah stroke my nasty cock,
you faggot." I repulsed at the thought that I had been stroking his
cock and that made me almost puke, I tried to put my hand to my mouth
to stop the feeling only to realize that the slick pre-fuck juice
smeared all over my hand was now all over my face and lips.
Involuntarily I licked my lips and to my horror, enjoyed the salty
aftertaste. Immediately to my shock, I craved to lick some more and
involuntarily, I moved my hand back to taste more of this stranger's
precum.

I felt his hands surround me as he stroked my now hardening cock
through my pants. In the noise and the darkness I never realized that
he had opened my trousers and pushed all the longjohns down to my
knees. I only realized when I felt the wet and very hard tip of his
cock probing at my asshole. I also felt my wife pulling my asscheeks
apart to give easy access to this man to fuck my ass. I was shivering
from cold and the unknown anticipation of being fucked in public for
the first time.

By now, my eyes had adjusted to the darkness and I saw, the tall man
groping my wife's breasts was actually groping her bare boobs, and his
cock, as big as he was tall, was smearing precum all over her boobs.
The stinking beggar next to them was actually licking all his precum
from her boobs and sometimes he sucked his cock as well.

On the other side, under the blanket, my left hand traced its way down
to my wife's face and came across the meanest and fattest and thickest
cock ever. It was stuck in the mouth of my bride of five-days who was
sucking the cock earnestly. As my hand moved around, it felt three
other cocks, strategically placed to alternate being sucked by my
wife. All four cocks were fat, thick and as I realized after sliding
the skins, uncut. On one of the cocks I felt something grainy and
sqeezing it off the cock brought it back to my nose and it smelled
heavenly like ripening cheese. I licked it once and the cock cheese
exploded my senses. I had to immediately go back for more but before
that I screamed in pain as the man behind me slammed his cock to the
hilt in my virgin asshole. Luckily he also clamped his large hand over
my mouth and so sound escaped.

He waited for a moment and started fucking me with deep strokes. I
could feel the veins throbbing on his cock, I could feel the thick
cock pulsating with every stop...oh I felt so full and nice. He must
have been very quick because within a few strokes he thrust as deep as
he could and I felt ropes after thick ropes of his blazing hot sperm
coating the innards of my rectum. He stayed inside for 10 minutes and
the withdrew leaving me feeling empty. The feeling didn't last long as
the man next to him took his place and pushed his even larger cock in
my well fucked and well lubed ass-pussy.

I think the men realized that I was no threat and started openly
playing with my whore of a wife. With all the pushing and thrusting
from behind, my mobile phone fell down from the front pocket of my
shirt. As I bent down to pick it up, I came face to face with my wife.
Her eyes were closed as if she was still sleeping. She was some sight
with her massive tits being mauled by one giant cock and the skinny
man. Her mouth was full of cock and the owner of the cock was
thrusting in and out lazily, enjoying the sensations o her warm moist
mouth. My face was so close to her that I could smell all the sweaty
aromas of their balls and the musky smell of their precum made my head
swim.

Just then, another fat uncut smelly cock brushed against my nose
sending shivers down my spine.  The moment that man realized that his
cock hit my face, he took hold of his abnormally fat fucktool and
forced its foreskinned cock head in my mouth. I held it inside to
savour the taste and he started fucking my mouth like an old pussy
pushing in mercilessly past my throat. I gagged but he held my head in
a iron-grip. Soon I was being fucked from both ends. And I realized
that the old man at the standing seat was holding my wife protectively
only because he had raised her petticot and was fucking her slowly
with his old, gnarled but very large uncut cock. His grey pubic hair
were shining in the darkness.

Soon, the cock in my mouth erupted with thick, clotty, load of sperm.
It was very bitter and smelly but I had no choice but swallow it. The
moment the shrinking cock withdrew from my mouth the second one
invaded my cock-craving mouth. One my one, my wife and I sucked all
the cocks in the rear of the bus and my wife got fucked in her fertile
pussy by all the old villagers who could raise their cocks up.

Time passed very quickly, and the dawn started breaking. As the light
started illuminating the bus, I realized my wife and I looked like cum
soaked whores with cum splattered on our face, hair and clothes. My
wife rearranged her clothes and so did I and all the men, just stood
their with massive satisfied grins on their faces.

The bus came to its final destination within the next half hour and
everyone alighted. Both my wife and I were, on the other hand so
exhausted that we just couldn't move. Just then the driver of the bus
- a really fat and ugly man of 65, with a jet black skin - walked to
us at the back of the bus and asked if we wanted to rest for a while
in the bus itself. We said yes. He took out a really tattered mattress
from under one of the seats and spread it on the floor of the bus for
us. As we lay down, he unzipped and hauled out the meanest, blackest,
fattest and smelliest cock we had ever seen, and he slapped my face
with his 10-inch fat monster cock a few times leaving a trail of thick
precum all over.

"Suck my smelly cock you cocksucker wimp," he said, "make it wet and
hard so that I can fuck your wife's pussy and impregnate her with my
smelly sperm." I just smiled and started chewing on his fat cock
happily as my wife started removing her clothes in preparation of the
fucking that was going to follow.

The End.