A Sugar Daddy and His Sweet Tart
by Art Martin

Chapter 2

Dressed to kill in a borrowed outfit, Brenda receives an offer from Bill that she can't resist...

In the morning I had to borrow something from Jenny to wear to school.  No way would I be allowed to stay at school in my cut-offs and belly shirt, so I helped myself to Jenny's clothes. I knew she wouldn't mind, as we often borrowed clothes from one another.  I picked out this really cool pair of jeans (ones like what I had my heart set on) and a nice top with a scooped neck.  Now Jenny and I are the same height, but my butt is fuller, as are my tits, but I managed to shimmy into them. 

Looking at myself in the mirror, I couldn't have been more pleased.  The jeans fit so snuggly that they looked like they were painted on me, and the top, stretched tight across my boobs made them look bigger than they actually were.  Adding to the look was the fact that I was braless.  The night before I hadn't worn a bra over to Jeff's and there is no way I could fit into one of Jenny's smaller bras.  The scoop neck showed just the right amount of cleavage to be interesting, but not so much to get me sent home.  Best of all,  my nipples... Ooooo, Mama would have a stroke!  Daddy, he'd look, but I bet he wouldn't say a thing!

Jeff dropped me off at school and the way the guys looked at me, I knew I looked fantastic!  I looked about for Jenny, but never saw her, as she stayed home that day recovering.

As it was Friday, the day just seemed to go by faster.  Not that it went by all that fast, if you know what I mean, but I was really having fun showing off and getting disapproving glares from all the girls who wished they were half as hot as I was.  As for school-school, I really didn't pay much attention to what any teacher was saying, as what happened in Bill's lap the night before kept playing in my head. 

I caught the bus home and had to fend off all the Mexicans who rode that bus.  I got off at my stop and had to endure all the whistles and cat calls in Spanish.  Fortunately, it was mostly girls, Mexican girls, who got off at my stop and as soon as the bus pulled away, the rude remarks ended.

I was just feeling a bit more relaxed when I heard a man from behind me say, "Hey, little girl, do you want some candy?" I almost freaked!

I turned to see who the perv was and there in a big black Mercedes Sedan was Bill, dressed in a business suit, hanging out the window while he slowly drove along just behind me.  The Mercedes surprised me, as I always assumed he drove a pickup truck or maybe a Jeep Wrangler, not that I ever gave it much thought.  And the suit... I'd only seen him dressed casually, sometimes very casually. As to what he did for a living, I hadn't a clue.

"Bill!  You scared me to death!" I fussed.

"Sorry," he said, but from the way he was smiling I knew he didn't mean it.

"What are you doing here?" I asked bouncing up to his car.

"Looking for you," he answered.

That confused me.  How did he know where I'd be or even where I lived?  "How did you find me?"

He held up his phone.  "I put a GPS app on your phone last night so I'd know where you were.  Works great!"

"Are you stalking me?"

"No, no, no! I just needed to find you.   Didn't have a chance last night to pay your tip.  Last night, I didn't want anyone thinking that I paid you to... you know...  So, here's your forty dollars." 

I happily accepted the cash.  All day I'd thought I'd never see that money, and here it was!  Now all I needed was another eighty bucks and I could buy those jeans!

"Uh, sorry about last night.  I didn't mean to... you know," he stammered.

"It's okay," I replied as my face flushed with the direct reminder.

"If you ever need or want anything, anything at all, just call me.  You still have my number, don't you?"

"Yes, yes I do."  Suddenly the answer to my eighty dollar shortfall became very clear. "Ummm, there is something you can do for me," I began.

"Anything within reason," he replied staring at my tits and nipples poking through my top.

"Uh, you really are a hottie, you know.  I bet you drove all the boys crazy today.  That top shows your tits off very well, and  the jeans... Damn, what a fine ass."

Ignoring his rude comments and sticking my chest out just a little to make my tits more prominent, I ventured, "Well, it's about these jeans..."  I turned a little to show off my ass to him.  "These are Jenny's jeans.  I borrowed them this morning.  I just love them and I was just wondering if..."

"You want me to buy you a pair of those jeans?  Deal!"

"Really?"

"Yes, really.  How much are they?  Not that it matters."

"Uh, one hundred twenty dollars," I said meekly.

"Is that with or without taxes?"

"Uh, without.... I think."

"Sure, no problem.  Where do they sell them?"

"At the mall.  In this really cool specialty shop..."

"I don't go to the mall that often," he replied. "Do you want me to take you?"

"Will you?!" I nearly squealed in delight.

"Sure, honey pot."

"When?"

"Right now.  Hop in and your Sugar Daddy with take you and buy you those jeans." 

I scurried over to the other side of the car and got in, my senses immediately overwhelmed by the smell of rich leather.

"Is your mother expecting you home soon?" he asked.

"No, she won't be home until after work, around six, six thirty."

"That gives us a little over two hours," he said as he pulled away. 

The mall was only about ten minutes away.  I directed him to the parking garage near Macy's and within another few minutes we were at the boutique where Jenny bought her jeans.  I knew because I was with her when she bought them. I knew exactly what I wanted and just what size too, so I quickly grabbed a pair, and clutching my prize, headed to the checkout counter.

"Don't you want a new top like the one you're wearing?" Bill asked looking down my cleavage as I laid my jeans on the checkout counter.

"Really?  A top too?"

"Make it two tops and I want them both as tight on you as the one you're wearing."

I was practically giddy as I headed off to find two new tops.  That took a bit longer, as Bill wanted me to try them on first before he gave his approval, which required him to look over my shoulder and down at my tits.

With my new clothes in hand and with Bill two hundred forty dollars plus tax poorer, we headed back to his car. 

Bill had parked on a nearly deserted level in the parking garage.  I thought that he'd parked there so that no one would park too close to him and ding up is car.  Then as we approached the isolated car, I noticed how heavily tinted the windows were, and how it was impossible to see what was inside the car. 

He hit the key fob and unlocked the doors.  I started to get in the front passenger seat, but he stopped me and opened the back door instead.  I thought it was rather peculiar that he wanted me to ride in the back, but then he got in the back with me, shut and locked the doors.

"How are you going to drive from the back seat?" I asked.

"That's not why we're back here," he replied clearly amused at my naivety.

"Oh..."  I can be so dense sometimes.

"There's just more room back here and the steering wheel doesn't get in the way.  Now, how about giving your Sugar Daddy a kiss?"

I'd never been alone in the back seat of a car with a boy before, unless my mom or dad were driving, much less with a big flirty man like Bill and I was bit apprehensive.  I didn't know why I felt apprehensive, as I'd thought about being alone with Bill several times that day... being alone with him, naked, with him having his way with me.  And now I was alone with him, in the back seat of his car in a deserted garage.

As his rugged manly face grew closer to mine, I suppose I could have said, "No," but I didn't.  And when our lips met, it was too late for me to say anything as his tongue filled my mouth. And once his fat tongue was in me, I had no thoughts of saying, "No."  God, that man can kiss! Almost immediately I felt all tingly and just began to melt, and before I knew it, his big hand was cupping and rubbing my tit as he kissed.  Then suddenly he broke the kiss and zip... my top was pulled over my head and discarded. 

"You have beautiful tits, you know," he commented as his eyes feasted upon them before he took one of them into his big hand again.  He resumed kissing me while his big fingers danced over my tit and played with my nipple.  I could hardly catch my breath before his lips left mine and attached to my stiff nip. 

Oh, my god!  Did that feel good!  I cradled his head in my hands and held him to my breast while he  sucked my nipple.  At that moment, I never, ever wanted those great feelings to ever end.  I got so hot I was panting, panting and unaware of where his hand had gone. That is until I felt the button pop open on my jeans.  That was quickly followed by the zipper being lowered and then him tugging down on my jeans. 

He sat up abruptly and gripping the waist band of Jenny's jeans with both hands he said, "I want your ass naked!  Totally naked!" 

He began tugging them down.  I suppose I could have said, "No," but I didn't, and instead, lifted my ass off the seat to help him strip me nude.  Seconds later, he had those tight jeans down around my ankles and then off completely, leaving me in nothing but my thong.  But not for long.  He grasped the thong and pulled outward.  I heard the material rip and then I was totally naked.  Totally naked and available.  Naked and unable to prevent him from doing whatever he wanted with me.

His lips attached to my nipple again and his hand cupped me between the legs.  I guess I could have tried to close my legs, but they seemed to have opened even more instead.  Soon, he was rubbing my bare pussy  and I was getting hotter and hotter. He didn't immediately jam a fat finger up my twat, but rather just slid his finger along my crack, gathering and smearing the moisture that was now seeping from my cunt.

I gasped as a thick finger slid deep into my labial folds.  He began sliding the pad of his finger tip just inside my slippery lips, going up one side and down the other, only to reverse and go back the other way. Back and forth, back and forth, his finger moved inside my cunt.  Suddenly his finger descended deep into my vagina.  My cheery was long gone, so it didn't hurt in the least, it just felt incredibly good.  Then when he was all the way inside me, his thumb pressed into and alternately strummed across my clit.  This was followed by quick, short thrusting motions and I went into orbit!  Quickly the passion built in my groin, until it exploded with a mind numbing climax.

When the tumultuous orgasm passed, he sat back and left me alone while I recovered.  I was well aware that Bill was sitting next to me, but I was unaware of what he was doing, that is until I had recovered my senses somewhat. I looked over at the forty something man who had so easily gotten me naked and who had just gotten me off big  time.  He was still in his coat and tie, but his trousers were completely off.  There sticking proudly  up between the tails of his starched dress shirt rose his manly organ.  I'd seen a few boys by then, boys that I had sucked off and some of the ones that fucked me at the swimming party, but none of them had anything like this.  It seemed huge, massive, more of a weapon than a penis.  But what really had my attention was the fat knobby head, it was several shades darker than the rest of his impressive cock. 

"Have you ever sucked a dick before?" Bill asked rather crudely.  "I bet a hot tart like you has sucked off a lot of boys.  You ever suck off a man?  Now is your lucky day, cupcake, so how about if you get down on the floor between my legs and show me what a good cocksucker you are."

Taking it in my hand, my first impression was that felt hot to the touch.  My second impression was the fact that I couldn't quite get my fingers to close around it.  Good lord! I didn't know if I could get that thing in my mouth, but then I realized, 'He's going to fuck your little pussy with that!  It won't fit!  It won't fit!  He's gonna tear me apart!'

"C'mon, little nudie!  Get to blowing my fuckin' cock!  Get those lips around my dick, Blondie!" 

Next thing I know and he's lifted me like I was a rag doll and put me on the floor and between his legs.  His big hand moved behind my head and began gently pushing it (not that I tried to stop him) towards the angry looking monster jutting up from his hairy crotch, a clear bead of nut juice already forming at the tip.

Judy Croft had the best parties ever.  Once the party got going, her parents never came down in the basement game room to check up on us and central feature of those parties was giving all the guys blowjobs.  All the girls did it and all the boys left very happy. 

I rather liked giving blowjobs and was told that I was very good at it, so I took Bill's big dick as a challenge.  I licked up the bead of salty precum and licked across the broad expanse of his super smooth glans.  After taking measure of the challenge before me, I opened my mouth wide and slid my lips over the fat head.

"Oh, yeah, baby girl... that's it, suck your Sugar Daddy's big nasty cock.  Show him what a good girl you are to him...  That's it, honey...  I know it's big, but you can do it, you can do it... Oh, fuck, yeah, girl... Suck that dick..."

He was definitely a mouthful, but I got the entire head in my mouth and a few inches of his stalk as well.  'This isn't so bad,' I thought as I tasted more than just his precum.  He was also somewhat aromatic and heady;  sweaty from a long day at work and had a faint taste of dried piss.  I began bobbing my head, sliding my lips along the upper reaches of the great shaft, my tongue dancing over the taut skin of his hard-on, exploring the texture of his cock and the feel of the bulging veins that crisscrossed his impressive organ, as well as the various ridges and rims.  He didn't complain of me scraping him with my teeth, and for that I was rather proud of myself.   

Whereas he'd gotten me off in what seemed to be record time, it took me somewhat longer to get him off, a lot longer.  Several times I had to stop and let my jaw rest, time I spent nuzzling into and licking his big sweaty balls.  All the while he praised my efforts. 

"That feels so good, baby.  That's it, lick on my meaty balls..." and, "You're doing fine sucking my dick, sweetie.  Most girls find it just too big for them to handle, but you seem to enjoy it."  I did enjoy it.  Like Judy, I'm such a slut!

After what seemed to be hours, and with my jaw now killing me, he came.  He didn't warn me, he just came in my mouth.  Nor could I pull off, as he now firmly held my head so that I couldn't take his spurting cock out of my mouth even if I had to.  I had no other choice but to swallow, and swallow, and swallow as he came and came, seemingly he was cumming in buckets, though that's a gross exaggeration. Not that his cum was gross, it wasn't, I actually rather liked the odd manly flavor.

He held me on his dick until well after he stopped pulsing and not until he appreciably shrank in my mouth.  That was an odd feeling.  I knew what it felt like to have a boy get hard in my mouth, but to have a man sized organ go soft in my mouth was a new experience.  Suddenly I now could get more and more of his dick into my mouth until I had him to the root.  Of course he wasn't nearly as long, nor as thick as when he was hard, but was still a mouthful and it felt like something of a victory for me.

I let his limp noodle slip from my lips, then sat back and looked up at him.  He was smiling broadly, a happy man, a very happy man.

"You did just fine, sweetie, real fine.  I could tell that you'd done that before as soon as you started.  You like sucking cock, don't you?"  I smiled a little smile and nodded that I did like sucking cock. 

"I thought so.  You know, you're going to be a very popular girl with boys."

"Thank you," I said softy as I couldn't think of anything else to say.

"Thank you?" he repeated, then burst out in a laugh, "Well, you're welcome.  We're going to have to do this again some time.  Would you like that?"

I nodded and he laughed again.  "My good buddy, Jeff, is going to be so jealous.  Here he's had you at his finger tips all this time and he never let you sample his cock! You know, he's got the hots for you, baby.  But that's too damned bad... your ass is now mine, sweet pea.  And I won't take kindly to any interlopers trespassing on my property.

"Now, I ought to fuck you right here and now," he said rather ominously,  "but I want you to think about that for a while before I do.  So, come up here, baby girl, and let me have some more of your delectable titty pie."

I crawled up into his lap and offered him my tits for sucking, an offer he took up immediately.  He was gentle, but not too gentle with my nips, sucking one after the other while his hands stroked my bare ass.  However, by the time he was finished, my nips were swollen and getting a bit sore, but it was a good sore. 

He then laid me across his lap, face up and put his hand between my legs again.  "Open up," he said and I spread my legs to give him easy access to my cunt.  I was rewarded for my sluttiness with another good finger fucking, one which filled the car with wet smacking noises until I had my eyes crossed for the second time.  We then dressed and he took me home, the rich smell of leather replaced by the pungent smell of my aroused pussy.
