Chapter Five

Cross-Over

Yonny, Adam & Adi sat, in a circle, in front of the TV 
showing Annie sucking her Twin-Brothers rock-hard member 
Lovingly, while the Twins Loving & Horny Mother knocked on 
their door. Three, two, one  drink! called Adam  and the 
three children drank, at once, from the little goblets, 
containing minute amounts, of the bottles enchanted reddish-
bordeoux liquid

And all of a sudden, they found themselves, stark naked as 
they were, sitting on the dark-blue all-covering floor-carpet, 
in the middle of the Twins small, tastely and finely 
decorated bedroom, right in front of Georgios & his Sisters 
stunned looks. Who are you?! How did you get here?!?? the 
Twins managed, somehow, to mumble.

Our names are Adam, Yonny and Adi, replied Adam. We are 
here through the means of using black magic; do not be afraid, 
we are here because we chose to, simply because we LOVE the 
two of you!! And he kissed his younger Sister fully on her 
thin pinkish child-lips, frenching her briefly. This is my 
younger Sister; like you, were also into Incest, as well as 
any other concievable Sex-act. We wish to join you two, and 
the rest of your Family, in Love and Orgies and well, much 
more, whatever else you may be into, mumbled Adam, suddenly 
remembering, that for their newly-acquired pallies, that part 
of driving over and slaughtering young, innocent and beautiful 
pedestrians hasnt come along yet. Ah, c  cool, managed 
Anna to stutter, still visibly shocked, well, em hop in! 
and smiling Lovingly towards Yonny, in particular, she 
signalled the three of them to hop onto the bed and crawl next 
to her and her Twin-Brother. I Love your muscular arms and 
torso, she told Yonny. Will you be the first, to take my 
virginity away? Yonny was speechless, but his young manhood 
did the talking for him, standing up-right and pointing 
towards the small hand, of the well-tanned black-haired girl 
of his own age, craving his touch. My sweetest Dream and 
Hope, right now, is to be taken, simultaneously, by both you 
and Yonny, she told her Twin, who licked his lips, while 
massaging, forcefully, Adi bare little buttocks. Id Love 
that too although Id like to take this little blondie, too, 
while she eats your cunty and brings you into Orgasm Yes!! 
exclaimed his Sister. Ho, lets!!

So, before too long, all five little adolescents were engaging 
at an intense Orgy, at the heart of which were the two young 
girly girls, who were vigourously licking each others chest, 
arms, belly, neck and cheeks, while frantically massaging each 
others back and buttocks, all the while being pumped, over 
and over again, by the three boys = two of which were their 
very own Brothers!!  as deep as possible and as hard as 
feasable, into their cunts and butt-holes, whose virgin status 
became officially lost now, as their Lust overcame and 
outpowered every concievable excusable reservations they might 
have had prior to this experience. Adi screamed a little bit 
in pain, even agony, as Yonny penetrated her anus, but her 
tears of pain, had soon become ones of pure Joy, as Annie 
started to suck and nibble on her right nipple and Adam began 
pumping her cunt, before too long filling his younger Sister 
with his Incestous babies-making Love-potion.

All the while, Giorgio was pumping his own Twin-Sister, 
alternately, in her butt and in her cunt, until flooding her 
shitting-tube with his own Incestous sperm, his white-dwelling 
young, but nonetheless fertile genes-carrying cells washing 
her feces brown left-overs away from the walls of her young 
bodys darkest compartments and out into the light, as he 
pulled out of her and clean his now-shrinking cock on her bed-
sheets, all the while holding to Adis sweet elvish face and 
trying to french her, as hard and passionate as he possibly 
could.

Then, Adi decided to move on  and went down on Annie, fastly 
licking her way towards her new girlfriends Sweet, hot and 
yearning with mad Desire Love-Tunnel, sinking her girlish 
little wet tongue as deep as it would go into Annies yummy 
Cunt, while grinding her little nose right against Annies 
hard little Clitoris  and the dark-haired thirteen-year-old 
girly girl had SCREAMED and brutally, losing all controls 
over her actions, pushed Adis sweet little face as hard and 
deep into her burning crotch as it could possibly have gone.

And the two young girls were now locked, inside one of the 
hottest, craziest and most insanely intense Orgasms known to 
Woman = one, which ONLY a wild LESBIAN Sex-act, could ever 
induce.


Fifteen minutes later, it was all gone. The five kids were now 
sitting, stark naked and holding hands, and chatting amiably, 
when Adam had suddenly thought of something. Where are your 
Mom and Sister? he asked Giorgio. Theyre out of Home, said 
his new Friend, went to Rome for the Weekend; why?

Bewildered, Adam and Yonny exchanged worried glances. This 
shouldnt have happened, mouthed Adam to his Friend. Whats 
wrong? asked Annie. Oh, nothing you should worry about Love; 
nothing at all, told her Yonny, kissing her reassuringly, 
while exchanging an extra-worried glance with Adi. Play 
along, mouthed his GirlFriend, well solve it all, this way 
or another. But in her heart, Adi was, actually, light-years 
from being so sure and calm.

Right before they had taken the bottled reddish liquid, Adam 
told them, that there could be no changes to the film: that 
whatever they saw happening, would happen again  and the only 
change there would be, that they themselves would be part of 
it and would thus be able to partake at every action there 
would be. Meaning, Adam, for example, could be screwing both 
Annie AND her Mommy, but the said Mom SHALL enter her children-
room at the exact second she was supposed to, neither sooner 
nor later. But as it was, not only wasnt she coming in, to 
barge in on them having fun and then to join them in it, but 
she  and her second Daughter  were out of town, as well??

This could mean anything including one extremely frightening 
possibility: that our three protagonists, would have no way of 
ever going back Home, to their own Reality, once they have had 
enough fun with the fantasy one. It could very possibly be, 
with the story of the movie so intensely changed, that they 
were now an integral part of its plot, enslaved to its rules 
and changes  for good.

Which was also a way of saying another thing: THEY COULD VERY 
WELL DIE THERE, JUST AS WELL.


=============================
Comments are always welcome!!
danniel.qeletti@live.com
