Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: Day Of No Triffids
Part: Chapter 4
Summary: In a world gone blind a few remaining sighted
         must try to preserve what they can but how
         will just 6 men manage to keep 400 women happy?
Keywords: MFF, rom
Language: English
Copyright: 2003

      *********************************************
      *                 WARNING!                  *
      * This text file contains sexually explicit *
      * material. If you do not wish to read this *
      * type of literature, or you are under age, *
      *      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
      *********************************************

Comments appreciated : 
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************

*** August 28, 11:00 pm - Nancy

A tired Nancy had found Fran and Paul a little way apart 
from their other friends.  She would have to get them 
back together tomorrow; it was too much trouble now.

"How are you settling in?"

"Okay"

"Not too bad", said Paul, "but I've been asked politely, 
with just a hint of a threat, to keep my prick away from 
Fran or any of the other women."

"It'll only be until I'm pregnant then it will be okay" 
said Fran.  "How are you coping?" she asked Nancy.

"It's been a bitch of a day.  I can't bear to see so many 
people who are going to die."  She told them about the 
body in the liquor store and broke down crying.

They both cuddled her as she sat on the mattress next to 
them.  "There, there.  It's been a bit of a shock all 
round but you came for us and are keeping us alive and 
things are going to work out.  You'll see.  It might be 
bad for a while but then it will be over and we will be 
looking to the future and the bad things will be in the 
past."

Her sobbing eventually slowed and she sniffed.  Paul had 
a handkerchief and apologised that it was rather 
crumpled.  "You're not the first to cry today."

Nancy wiped and then couldn't hide a yawn.  "Hey you've 
worn yourself out.  Where are you sleeping?" said Fran.

"I've got a room a little way down the hall."

"Well you should get there."  Fran wanted her friend able 
to cope with the nasties she was likely to face in the 
near future and she wouldn't be able to if she got too 
tired.

"I know but I don't want to be alone.  Would you come 
with me?"

"Me or us?"

"Both silly.  Would you?"

"Of course."

Paul added his agreement.

Nancy stood and they fumbled around for their bowls 
before joining her.

"We need to get you little bags of some sort to keep all 
your personal gear in.  Something more for the 
whiteboard."

"Whiteboard?" asked Paul.

"Just an ideas list that anyone can add to.  Uncle Len's 
going to go over them at breakfast.  Our survival is 
going to be something we all have a say in.  Come on."

She led them back to what must have been the Principal's 
quarters.  She had been allocated it by lot and managed 
to get a large lounge, a small private study and a 
reasonable bedroom with a double bed.  More importantly 
for her weary body, the bathroom had a full length bath.

Nancy described each room for her friends.

"There's even a walk in robe.  Hmm I wonder how you'd 
look in a black cassock?"

"The bath is what you need then a good night's rest.  
Point me to it."

It was strange to have Fran fussing over her like this 
but she did enjoy it and the blind woman soon had found 
the plug and got the water at a nice temperature.

"Get undressed then."

Nancy looked at Fran even though the other woman had no 
way of knowing.  Then she realised that getting undressed 
in front of them was not going to be an issue.

She sat Paul down on the edge of the bed and then turned 
to drop her clothes over the high back of a stool type 
chair apparently designed to keep one's suit tidy.

Though he couldn't see her, Paul could hear each garment 
coming off and his mind filled in the pictures 
accompanying each swish or zip.  He shifted slightly as 
the images caused a reduction in the blood flowing out of 
his organ and a resultant discomfort in his tight jeans.

When Nancy turned back she was observant enough to notice 
the bulge.  While not wanting to upset Fran she was 
adventurous enough to stir the handsome man up a little.

Standing naked in front of him she first put her finger 
against his lips, warning him to be silent.  He started 
at the unexpected contact but it did stop him doing more 
than jump when the finger then traced over the front of 
his jeans.  He heard her turn away to join his girlfriend 
in the bathroom.

Fran unnecessarily helped Nancy into the bath, something 
Nancy found comforting.  She could understand how the 
landed gentry got to depend on all their household staff; 
having a personal maid could be both enjoyable and habit 
forming.

Fran found the soap and a flannel and got Nancy to lean 
forward so she could wash her back.  She was grateful 
that her friend had sought her out and that she was also 
willing to have Paul there.  Fran felt she could cope 
having to become pregnant to someone else (the idea was a 
bit scary - she hadn't planned on motherhood for some 
time yet and she hoped she liked whoever she ended up 
with); at least Paul would be by her side.

If doing little things for Nancy made Nancy's life easier 
then Fran felt she wasn't quite the imposition on her 
friend that she would have been otherwise.

Nancy leaned back into the hot water and Fran, without a 
conscious decision, continued washing her front.  The 
murmur from the darkness before her made her realise what 
she was actually doing.  "Oh sorry.  Here."

She thrust the soapy flannel out in front of her.  Her 
hand was pushed back to the soft breast.

"No.  It's nice.  Please."  It was hard for Nancy to 
actually ask another girl to touch her breasts, even with 
a wash cloth, but it felt too good to have her stop.

Nancy had opened her eyes to see what her friend's 
reaction would be and noticed the dark patches on her 
top.  "You're getting wet and we don't have any spare 
clothes yet, unless you DO want to wear a black cassock.  
Why don't you take them off?  Hell, if I scoot up you can 
get in with me.  You probably need a good soak too and it 
would be silly to wait until the water's cold.  We can 
get Paul to wash your back if you like; let him earn his 
keep."

Nancy regretted her last comment as soon as she had 
spoken.  Everyone before the disastrous events of the 
last couple of months had had to earn their keep some way 
but now the simple comment seemed more hurtful.  Paul's 
options were now far more restricted, as they were for 
them all.

Fran took it to heart though, not condemning her friend 
for the observation which she realised was not intended 
to reflect their dire straits but rather realising THEY 
would have to find some way to support those who 
supported them now.  At the very least it would help 
defeat the boredom of simply uselessly sitting around.

She stripped off in front of her friend, dropping her 
clothes by the wall she orientated herself by, and turned 
to find the side of the bath with outstretched hands.

Nancy was appreciative.  "You look lovely.  Paul is a 
lucky man."

Fran was helped into the bath and sat between Nancy's 
legs, her cool back against the damp breasts she had just 
washed.

"Unfortunately, looks aren't going to count for much any 
more."

Nancy realised her friend needed comforting and put her 
arms around her, hugging her as she rested her cheek 
against the short dark hair.

"It doesn't matter.  You and Paul are here now.  I will 
try to keep you safe and I WILL try to remember to tell 
you how lovely you both are from time to time so you 
don't forget."

She looked over at the doorway.  "Paul!  We need you in 
here!"  When she heard him stand she added, "You had 
better take your clothes off there.  You're likely to get 
them wet."

A surprised naked man carefully felt his way towards the 
sound of their voices.  He had heard them talking but 
couldn't make out the words.  When he stood in the 
doorway, a hand on each door jamb, Nancy couldn't resist 
a cheeky whistle.

She laughed as she hugged Fran again.  "Looks like you 
might be the lucky one after all."

Fran put her hand on the other girls arm as it lay across 
her chest.  "He isn't bad, is he."  She assumed Nancy was 
getting a full frontal.  "We'd better not tell him though 
or he'll get a swollen head."

Nancy laughed again, relaxing and reinvigorated in their 
company.  "I'd say it wasn't his head that was swollen."

Paul turned around.  "If I'm going to be the butt of your 
jokes maybe that's all I'll show you."

"Don't be a spoilsport.  Come over here.  Fran needs 
someone to wash her back and you're elected."

Carefully Paul crossed the strange bathroom and knelt by 
the side of the tub.  Nancy put the freshly re-soaped 
wash cloth in his hand and he reached out hesitantly to 
find his girlfriend.

Fran had leaned forward and Nancy back to give him room 
but as he found his target and went to work Nancy 
straightened slightly so that the back of his hand 
brushed across her nipples.

Once again he kept his silence, uncertain whether his 
acquiescence constituted a betrayal of his girlfriend's 
trust.

Fran wasn't stupid.

She sensed how the pressure against her back varied, how 
he paused to circle his hand occasionally - always over 
each shoulder blade, how Nancy's thighs gripped just a 
little tighter.

Her first thought wasn't jealousy.  She was instead a 
little worried about the future.

Nancy had said Paul would be valued because as an 
electrician he would be able to instruct them when they 
needed power.  Nancy was also apparently interested in 
him which was understandable considering the shortage of 
men.

Did she need Fran?

Would she simply take Paul and let Fran be passed from 
one cousin, or uncle, or even her father, to another?

Fran was determined that she and Paul would remain 
together and was willing to do whatever was necessary to 
achieve that.  She had been prepared to die with him 
rather than to leave him behind; she could share him if 
necessary, at least with Nancy.

Fran moved her hands a little further up the sides of 
Nancy's leg from where they had been resting and pressed 
them against her sides as she leaned back to trap Paul's 
hand between their bodies.  It was a tacit, though 
unspoken, approval for him to touch the other woman's 
body without fear of her disfavour.

Nancy put her arms around Fran again and squeezed her, 
Paul's hand still trapped between hard back and soft 
front.  His erection grew unseen beside the bath.

"Fran's already made sure they're clean.  You had better 
wash hers."  Nancy released Fran and leaned back again so 
Paul could retrieve his hand.  She took Fran's shoulders 
and pulled her gently back against herself as she slipped 
a little lower down into the water.

"It's lucky this is an old school.  The bathtub is gi-
normous compared to ours at home."  Fran's head nestled 
between the other girl's mounds as she lay immersed with 
her knees bent.  It did feel good to have a hot soak.  
She had only had showers in the last few days and, though 
a shower with Paul was a very pleasant experience, there 
was nothing like a hot tub for relaxing.

Paul soaped up the wash cloth again having felt the soap 
fall as the girls rearranged themselves.  With plenty of 
suds he began to smother her chest and belly.

He was a bit self-conscious that Nancy was there and 
could see him.  Not normally concerned about his nudity 
before others (certainly not before Fran nor with 
sporting team-mates) he never-the-less kept wondering if 
she was looking at him or at Fran or at what he was doing 
or simply if she was simply just lying there with her 
eyes closed.

The imagination can be a powerful thing.

Working his way down to Fran's pubes he collided with a 
hand on his way back up again.  He'd noticed Fran's arms 
beside her though he didn't notice her gently stroking 
Nancy's legs.  Obviously the digits splayed across his 
girlfriend's tits were not her own!

He hadn't complained about a touch on his cock so he 
supposed he couldn't very well complain if his girlfriend 
was getting the equivalent.  He did wish fervently that 
he could get his sight back, if only for an hour.

The wash cloth moved down over the taut clean belly and 
then along the ascending trail of Fran's leg.  He moved 
along the side of the tub until he could reach her foot 
and started to rub the sole.

"Oh, that's lovely."  He hoped Fran's praise was directed 
at him.  When he paused he was rewarded with "Don't stop 
love" and then "Yes, you will have to do Nancy's next" 
when he continued.

He kneaded the flesh tenderly and stroked each slender 
toe in turn.  When that foot was done he reached across 
the tub for the other.

He could capture the end of that limb ("Oh how beautiful 
it had been to look at them") but the angle stretching 
across was inconvenient.  Nancy noticed.

"Why not sit on the end of the bath?"

Paul stood and reached along.  The bath ended in a narrow 
tiled edge that was just wide enough to allow him to sit 
though both tiles and the wall pressing against his back 
were chilly.  "Still", he thought, "it's just one of the 
many sacrifices a man must make."

He reached down and lifted Fran's foot to rest on his 
lap.  What he didn't consider was the view he provided to 
Nancy as she looked directly down the bath and between 
his parted legs.

Silently she congratulated her friend on her choice of 
boyfriend and then included herself as one of the lucky 
ones, she hoped.

As she watched she absently continued to play with the 
soft mounds on Fran's chest.  They had flattened as she 
lay back but were by no means boyish.  Nancy had started 
with just a casual touch, "accidental" as she brushed her 
arm past.  She was encouraged by Fran's initial action in 
washing her tits and when Fran gave no indication that 
her attentions were not welcome she gradually increased 
the sexual nature of her caresses.

She had had a brief experimental experience with another 
girl friend but both had shied away before it had gotten 
serious.  It had spoilt their friendship a little, more 
because the other girl had begun to feel guilty and had 
turned to more "normal" relationships.

Within three months she was pregnant and discarded.  A 
sympathetic Nancy with no ulterior motives had been 
rejected when she called to see how the gravid girl was 
and that had simply been that.

She hoped Fran would not feel the same way, though Nancy 
could have lived with an initial rejection if that had 
been how things had turned out.

Paul let Fran's foot slide back into the water and Fran 
thanked him.  "Nancy's turn now."  She felt along the leg 
and tried to lift it past her hips.  Not exactly wide 
they did provide a barrier to the easy passage of the 
other girl's limbs.

"Let me get out.  You'll have more room and I'm washed 
anyway."  Nancy gave a half-hearted protest and let her 
up.

"There are two towels just in front of you; a bit 
further.  I'll have to see if there are some more 
somewhere."

She turned back to Paul.  "You may as well sit down in 
the water."  She lifted her legs onto the sides of the 
bath and Paul lowered himself into the still warm water.

His hands found her legs just before the ring on the top 
of the plug found his ass cheek.  He gave a little jump, 
pressing down painfully on Nancy's shins.

"Sorry."

"No, I'm sorry you got the plug end."

Paul took the smooth limbs and lay them across his own 
legs and rubbed the spots where he had hurt her.  At 
least it was a distraction from sharing a bath with one 
woman while another, and his girlfriend at that, was 
drying herself just an arms length away.

He remembered his "job" and took one of Nancy's feet into 
his hands.  Nancy looked at the long delicate fingers as 
they soothed her aches.  "Looks like it is true what they 
say about the length of a man's fingers."

Fran had dried herself and knelt beside them with the 
towel thrown over her shoulders.  "What's that?"

"Oh.  Just that they are proportional to a certain other 
body part."

"I certainly can't comment on the general principle but I 
agree it does seem to apply to him."  She reached out to 
find his hand as it massaged Nancy's toes and then 
reached down with a keen sense of direction and found his 
cock, erect.

"Oh!  No!  Much longer than his fingers."  He pushed her 
hand away.  "She said 'proportional' dearest.  That's 
doesn't mean they are the same length."

"She might have meant when it wasn't sticking up like 
that."

Paul suddenly realised Nancy was able to see his erection 
and, while he personally had never felt anything but 
pride in its size, the discussion did have a deleterious 
effect on it; if your blood rushes to your blushing 
cheeks it is inevitable - it can't be in two places at 
once.

"Oh now look what you've done", Nancy chided her friend.

"What?"  Fran reached back and found her fellow's 
phallus.  "See it is the same size as your finger.  Well 
length anyway.  Your finger is much thinner.  Oh here it 
comes again."

With her touch, stroking really, the limp prick began to 
surface again, protruding from the water like the 
periscope of a bath toy.

"I suppose I'd better get that clean too."

"Let me get out and we can both give him a wash.  He 
deserves it for those marvellous foot rubs."  She 
disengaged herself before sitting up and then standing.

"Scoot you ass around this end.  You can lay back and I 
guarantee there are no plugs to sit on."

She took the other towel and quickly dried herself off as 
she watched the man turn around in the tub.  As Fran 
started to scrub him down Nancy checked a narrow cupboard 
and found a supply of towels and wash cloths.  Taking one 
of each she hung up the towel before kneeling next to 
Fran and pinching the soap.

Fran had his torso so Nancy would start at his toes and 
work her way up.  She wondered who would get to do his 
"proportion".  The two girls teased him and each other 
and found themselves increasingly comfortable with the 
unusual situation.

At one point Fran reached up and found Nancy's chin.  
Cupping it she leaned in and gave her a brief kiss on the 
lips.  As she turned back to her boyfriend Nancy put a 
damp arm around her and gave her a hug while she rested 
her head on Fran's shoulder.  Nothing was said and Paul 
missed both events being busy talking at the time.

"I think he's clean enough.  His feet are starting to 
wrinkle and I'm getting cold sitting here."

The damp towels had been okay initially but the girls had 
inevitably gotten wet again as they washed the man.  The 
night air, though free of draughts ,was cooling as was 
the water in the tub.

Fran suppressed a shiver and agreed.

Nancy reached between the wrinkled skin on his feet and 
pulled out the plug then passed the towel to Fran before 
taking Paul's hand and helping him out of the bath.

It was too cool for the trio to do more than give and 
receive a brisk rub down.  Paul would have liked the 
opportunity for a bit of fondling but that was not to be.  
He was told to "Put your hands up", "Put them down", 
"Spread your legs - wider" and that was it.  He wasn't 
even sure who had wielded the towel around his balls and 
up the crack of his ass.

"Come on", said Nancy, discarding the towels in the now 
empty bath and pushing them ahead of her through the walk 
in robe and dressing area and out into the bedroom.  The 
click of the light switch was the only indication that 
the illumination had changed.  Black remained black.

Nancy stood them facing the bed and picked up Paul's 
clothes.  These were thrown over a chair as she walked 
around to the other side of the double bed.

"Get in before you freeze", she said.  "It will be a bit 
of a squeeze but it's only for a few hours and then I can 
try to organise something else.  That is if you want to 
stay with me."

As she climbed in between the sheets she felt she had to 
add, "You don't have to.  I really am happy that you are 
keeping me company tonight but it's not something you 
have to commit to, especially right this minute.  Sleep 
on it."

The pair of lovers each decided not to make a commitment 
without having a chance to speak with their partner.  
Fran pushed Paul into the middle of the bed and got in 
after him.

"Oh it's cold", she said.

"Cuddle up then" said Paul, who would benefit from the 
warmth of two bodies once they had taken the chill out of 
the bed.  The young women hastened to comply.

Nancy held Fran's hand as they both rested their heads on 
Paul's chest.  "If you two want to ..., you know, it's 
all right with me."

Fran shook her head, a difficult task when it was resting 
on a manly chest.  "We can't.  I promised I wouldn't get 
pregnant to Paul and I'm around about my fertile days so 
it's a bit risky unless you've got some contraceptives?"  
She "looked" up, or rather tilted her head towards his 
face.

"No.  We used the last of them.  Sorry."

"I'll see if I can find something tomorrow.  I just 
didn't want to think of Paul lying here with blue balls 
after all our teasing."

Paul laughed.  "I haven't had blue balls since early 
puberty.  There's always other solutions."

"Oh?" said Nancy innocently.  "Like what?"

Paul wasn't sure where the conversation was leading and 
just how much leeway he had.  Before he could respond 
though Fran spoke up.  "If you two want to ..., you know, 
it's all right with me."

Hearing her own words shocked Nancy slightly but the 
effect was nowhere near as great as on Paul.  His own 
girlfriend was telling him to screw her friend?

Fran noticed him stiffen.

"I just thought we got on well together and you and I 
can't have sex for a while.  I have to get pregnant to 
someone else, please find someone nice for me Nancy, and 
if Nancy wants to get pregnant maybe she would like you 
as the father?"

Nancy thought about the offer before replying.  "I don't 
know about getting pregnant yet.  It sounds a bit selfish 
when YOU have to; and you don't get a say.  I'm on the 
pill; I've kept taking them and I suppose I can find more 
when they run out so I won't get pregnant right now.  My 
uncle said an extra pair of eyes is probably more 
important just now and I think he is probably right."

"I do like Paul though and I will admit I wouldn't mind 
making love with him, but he is your boyfriend and I 
don't want to mess that up.  I'd rather have you both as 
friends and find someone else if I have to."

"There isn't really a lot of choice", pointed out Fran.

"Thank you very much", said Paul.

"Shut up", said Fran giving him a gentle thump on the 
chest.

"Yes", said Nancy, "we were talking about you, not to 
you.  Now be a good boy and rub my back just above my 
shoulder blade please."

Paul did as he was told.  He didn't really think he was 
being treated as the only choice available.  Nancy could 
always go hunting for a suitable male, or more of them, 
for herself - provided she didn't leave it too long.

He also wasn't opposed to the idea of being shared but he 
too didn't want to damage his relationship with Fran.  He 
did love her and though Nancy was, from memory, 
attractive and felt decidedly nice against his body, if 
he had to choose between them it wouldn't be a hard 
decision and Fran would be the winner.

"If you like him, and he's agreeable, why not at least 
ease your tensions tonight.  I can vouch for him; and he 
is house-broken."

Nancy looked up through the dark room at the profile next 
to her face.  He sensed her attention and simply said, "I 
find you attractive.  I find you desirable.  I love Fran 
and so long as you realise that she will always be number 
one for me I would like to make love with you if that is 
what you want."  His left arm, around Fran, held his 
girlfriend tight against him during the statement.  He 
DID love her and she needed to know that.  If Nancy 
needed him he would be there for her as she had been 
there for them, and in time he may love her too, but he 
loved Fran, now and for always.

Nancy's reply was quiet but not unexpected, "I'd like 
that too."

A decision had been made but it's implementation was just 
as complex.  Fran was prepared to sit in the study with a 
rug around her until they had finished but Nancy pleaded 
with her to stay.

"You are my friend and I don't want you to feel like I'm 
stealing your man.  I want you to be a part of it with 
us.  Paul loves you though he's willing to help me.  If I 
can share your love it makes it special, otherwise I may 
as well just jill myself and we can let Paul wank off in 
the bathroom.  Please stay and help me too."

Fran stayed.  She moved over to the side of the bed so 
her friend could climb over Paul and, once he too had 
moved, Nancy lay down in the middle of the bed.

Fran snuggled against her side and waited for her 
boyfriend to lay over the woman she was about to share 
him with.

Paul wasn't in a hurry to start screwing.  He didn't know 
if this was a once only occurrence or whether this was 
the start of a lasting relationship.  He did know that 
giving anything but his best would lessen him in the eyes 
of all three of them.

He lay down next to Nancy and put his hand on her belly.  
Feeling Fran's close by he found it and held it while he 
nuzzled Nancy's shoulder and neck.

Fran had laid her head back down as she had on Paul and 
found her cheek resting against the soft tissues of 
Nancy's left breast.  She held her lover's hand and 
squeezed it encouragingly when she heard the sound of his 
kiss being met and returned.  It started a fire in her 
own loins which surprised her; she thought she might get 
upset or at least be completely neutral.

She turned her head and kissed the soft flesh; another 
woman's breast!

Fran had thought about sex with another woman.  It was 
hard not to with actresses coming out and films or TV 
shows with lesbian characters and girls obviously more 
than just friends at the mall.  But she hadn't ever found 
someone she was comfortable enough with to consider it 
and then Paul had entered her life and sex with ANYONE 
else was no longer on the agenda.

Until now.

Circumstances had changed.  Had they ever!

Her friend had shown an interest in her, one she did NOT 
find the least repulsive.  In fact the gentle caresses in 
the bath had been very nice and Fran would have liked 
them to continue longer.  Nancy's hand, though softer and 
her touch gentler, hadn't really differed much from 
Paul's.

Paul had apparently been comfortable in touching Nancy's 
tits and must have noticed Nancy touching hers yet he 
hadn't said anything.  She had heard him comment 
favourably on some girl-girl scenes in a porno video 
(though she hadn't seen it and now never would) and so 
supposed he wouldn't object, unless it was because it was 
HIS girl in the girl-girl scene. He certainly hadn't 
seemed the type to be threatened by it.

She supposed she would just have to suck it and see, 
literally.  Nancy had pleaded with her to "help me too"; 
was that what she had meant?

Fran kissed the breast again but this time searched 
around for the nipple she knew had to be there somewhere.  
"Ah!  Got it!"  Her lips parted and she moistened them 
with her tongue.  She seized the nipple between those wet 
lips and gently sucked.  It slid in until the mound 
blocked off further entrance.  With a flick of her tongue 
she released her hold.  The lips parted and the pressure 
dropped allowing the breast, and its now firmer 
protuberance, to return to its former position.

This was fun!

Nancy, with Paul's tongue in her mouth, felt the same.  
He had placed his hand over her breast and was gently 
kneading the firm orb while their lips were locked 
together.  He hadn't yet realised the part his girlfriend 
was playing in the evening's amusement but it wouldn't be 
long!

Nancy had an arm around the other girl and hugged her to 
show she liked what Fran was doing.  Her other hand was 
by her side and she wriggled it below Paul who lifted to 
allow her access to his balls.

The soft furry sack filled her hand and the hard prick 
pressed against her forearm.  "How long IS it?" Nancy 
asked herself.

She wiggled her arm again and measured it against the 
width of her palm.  There was still a little left after 
she had measured off two "grips" at the awkward angle 
available; she would have to measure it one day, for 
purely scientific purposes of course, but the actual 
length was not of great importance at just that moment.

She hadn't had a hard cock in her for quite a while.  She 
had a little vibrator but that wasn't the same.  To feel 
the muscles of her vagina spread and clench around the 
massaging organ, the weight of a male body suspended over 
her, the rising passion and the final release, both male 
and female, was something only poorly imitated by the 
thin plastic substitute.

Holding firmly to his hardness, Nancy drew Paul closer to 
her.  He understood her want, though he had thought she 
would have preferred more stimulation; Fran always had.

As he moved his body closer to her he was surprised to 
bump his hip against her slowly moving hand.  He released 
the breast he had been tenderly manipulating and reached 
out.

There was Fran, and an arm, obviously Nancy's; he felt 
for her head and found it closer than he thought.  The 
understanding didn't shock him, it was one of his 
unspoken fantasies after all, but he did wish that he was 
able to see as well as feel the action beside him.

Fran moved back as Nancy gave her a couple of quick taps.  
She figured that was what Nancy meant; it was certainly a 
different signal than the pressure applied to the centre 
of her back when she had tentatively rested her hand on 
the trimmed patch of curls.

Fran was used to touching herself but had never even seen 
a crotch shot of another woman.  The diagrams in medical 
brochures were stylised line drawings which gave no 
indication of the variation between women.  The 
surprising difference in feel excited her and encouraged 
her to explore further, giving pleasure to the object of 
her study in much more than an incidental manner.

As Paul lifted himself between Nancy's parting legs, Fran 
reached up to hold his knob.  Her fingers touched Nancy's 
just as they were releasing their own hold and Fran 
briefly gripped them before they were withdrawn and 
Paul's abdomen descended to cover her friend's.

Knowing what it was like to have Paul inside her, Fran 
was briefly, but intensely jealous.  The acceptance of 
their fate changed this more to envy.  She wished with 
all her heart that she could be lying in Nancy's place; 
the idea of Nancy still being by her side hovered through 
her mind as she recognised the movements of her lover as 
he prepared himself for penetration.

Lying beside them she could not miss the thrust and 
matching ascent of female hips.  Nancy's arm was still 
around her and she was pulled in against both bodies.

Paul was still kissing Nancy but as their lips parted he 
turned his face towards her.  Poorly positioned, she 
moved up the bed slightly, reluctantly having to get 
Nancy to remove her encircling arm.  With her face now 
level with their's she was able to receive the kiss from 
her lover's now shared lips.

His tongue caressed hers and she put a hand behind his 
head to delay the inevitable parting of their lips.  
Nancy's hand joined hers and pushed Paul's head against 
Fran's.  She might be borrowing Fran's boyfriend, perhaps 
on a long-term basis, but she certainly didn't want to 
steal him.

When the two women let him up Nancy turned her own face 
to Fran and their lips met for a tender kiss.  This grew 
more passionate for Paul, hearing and feeling their kiss, 
began to pump harder as his imagination took control of 
his loins.

His thrusts caused Nancy's mouth to jerk against Fran's 
and their tongues were forced apart only to seek the 
delicious contact again and again.  His pubes ground 
against Nancy and stimulated her clit as he forced his 
prick deep inside the hot wet hole.  When he arched his 
back before collapsing in happy exhaustion over her she 
too found her body trembling with a wave of pleasure.

She wrapped her arm around his back to hold him close and 
kissed the side of his face.  Fran was able to kiss the 
other side.

They lay there for a little while before Nancy had to get 
up.  She gave them both a quick kiss and a heartfelt but 
simple "Thank you" before ducking into the bathroom.  She 
returned a few minutes later and helped Paul into the 
bathroom from where he had been sitting with his hand 
stroking Fran's hair.  He assured her he could find his 
way back after she put his hand on towel rail and basin 
and she climbed back into the now warm bed.

She cuddled Fran again.  "Are you all right?  You don't 
mind?"

"A little but I realise things have changed.  I don't 
suppose I'd really love him if I didn't mind a bit.  It 
was nice to be here with you though.  Thank you for 
letting me stay."

"I wouldn't have wanted you anywhere else and after you 
started sucking on my tit and rubbing my pussy I don't 
think you would have been able to leave.  It was very 
nice."

Nancy was sleepy but realised her friend had "sat" 
through a very erotic encounter, contributing to Nancy's 
pleasure but failing to get any herself.  It didn't seem 
fair.  When Paul felt his way back to the bed Nancy kept 
Fran in the middle and got Paul to take the bathroom side 
of the bed.

"I think we owe Fran something for her patience, don't 
you?"

Paul thought how best to please his lover.  "If you take 
heads, I'll take tails... this time."  Nancy hadn't 
thought about eating Fran's pussy.  Now Paul had implied 
that it would happen she found herself imagining it.  
"Hmm maybe.  Yes a definite maybe."

Paul got partly out of the bed so he could kneel between 
her legs.  He spread them as he kissed his way up from 
her knees finally planting a big kiss on the top of her 
furry triangle.  The scent of her arousal spread through 
his senses and, like Pavlov's dogs, his saliva began to 
flow in anticipation of the gustatory delight awaiting 
him.

He was unaware of what was going on "upstairs" but hoped 
Nancy was enjoying finding ways to please Fran as well.

He needn't have worried.  Knowing what she liked, Nancy 
applied the same to Fran and was soon snuggled up under 
her arm with a tit in her mouth and a hand on the other.

Fran was having fun.  The big problem with having only 
one lover attending to your needs was the limitation in 
how many places they could attend to at once.  Fran was 
now experiencing the pleasure that she had, in the past, 
had to provide herself.

Paul's tongue in her cunt was a good second choice if she 
couldn't have his prick.  Her parents hadn't been too 
pleased that he was a few years older; if she had been 
older herself the age difference wouldn't have mattered 
to them but she was their "innocent" and he was the 
"seducing man of the world".  The funny part was that she 
had effectively seduced him, not that it was hard, but he 
initially had been "hunting" someone else.

It was a seduction he had not regretted and he thanked 
his lucky stars that he had been stranded at her parents' 
house when the world went to pieces.  Initially faced 
with certain death, he had found that Fran was willing to 
accept her own if she couldn't save him too.

Then he expected he would have to live as a gigolo, 
surviving on the crumbs from Nancy's table; the reality 
instead was that he could expect to have the loving 
attention (if not actual love) from two sensuous women 
that he ENJOYED being with.  A gigolo's life maybe but at 
least one where he had his self-respect.  

And if his professional skills could actually help the 
group then he would be able to hold his head up high.

Now he concentrated on the thick syrupy flow that 
threatened to engulf him.  Fran had always, in the few 
months they had been together, produced copious 
quantities of lubrication.  In fact she often had to 
rinse the tell-tale starchiness from her knickers before 
letting her mother have them to wash.  On one occasion he 
had taken her into a restaurant after describing what he 
planned for "afters" and a number of fellow diners had 
looked up sniffing the delightful scent as she passed 
wondering whether it was someone's perfume or some 
special dish which a waiter had just brought from the 
kitchen.  The ancient Greeks had a name for it; Ambrosia, 
the food of the gods.  At least that's how Paul thought 
of the juicy treat.

He wasted no time in cleaning up the musky fluid that 
threatened to leave the bed damp.  Many were the times 
when he had returned from taking her home to find his bed 
too uncomfortably cold to lay in.  And it was the men who 
got the blame for the wet spot!

In doing so he probed at the source with his tongue and 
ran it along the hair-lined furrow to tickle the clitoral 
bump in a motion that Fran found irresistible.

Fran needed to kiss someone as her passions soared and 
Nancy was the nearest one; besides she had no intention 
of interrupting Paul.  She pulled the other woman away 
from her breast and leech-like fastened her mouth to 
Nancy's.

Nancy found the forceful nature of Fran's response to 
their attentions to be rather overpowering.  She had 
experienced a man's single-mindedness as he approached 
orgasm but in the past had been so caught up in her own 
that she hadn't appreciated how a woman could be every 
bit as insistent.  She didn't mind one iota.  Paul and 
Fran had delivered a fantastic "good" to her and she was 
determined to return the favour.

It was fortunate that Fran kept her nails short as her 
fingers were pressed painfully into Nancy's back while 
she gasped expletives into her mouth.  Paul had found the 
particular right spot for the moment, something that 
differed depending on how they had been making love and 
for how long, and every stimulating action served only to 
push her higher.

The Earth did seem to move for all three of them that 
night but it was "merely" the wild thrashing of Fran's 
body as she was held by her two companions.

Their mattress moved on the bed and Nancy looked forward 
to Paul taking her to similar heights.  It had to be 
possible; it wasn't something that nature would only let 
Fran experience would it?

The spasms and hugs eased and Paul crawled back up into 
the bed to hug the now shivering woman as she recovered 
from one of the best experiences in her short sex life.  
He leaned across to kiss his accomplice and Nancy tasted 
the obvious flavour of a woman.  "Yes", she thought, "it 
WILL be my turn at 'tails' next time."

They settled down together and let the after-sex 
soporific effects take them into a well earned rest. 


***************************************************
