Del finds himself at the beck and call of demanding women.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Nancy, Chapter 16 (MFF, bi, blackmail, cons, Fdom, interr, nc, oral, impreg?, F-solo)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Things were strained between Del and Nancy after he got home from school, not only because she had broken off their burgeoning romance, but also due to his concern about Helena's text that contained picture evidence of him and his married landlady having sex. What did Helena want from him? he wondered.

After dinner, he headed over to Helena's house at 6 PM, as ordered. The strawberry blonde answered the door, as usual, with a menacing grin on her pretty face. She was wearing a tight t-shirt and sweatpants today. "Right on time, slave."

Del stared at her. Slave?

"Get in here." He stepped in and she closed and locked the door behind him. "Ohh, now that you're here, I don't know what to make you do first."

"What are your plans for that pic?" he asked her.

"Nuttin'," she replied, "as long as you do what I say, obvs."

"And if I don't do what you say?"

She sighed. "It gets sent to Nancy's husband, and terrible things happen. You ready to stop talking now?"

"Nancy's a good person, Helena; she doesn't deserve this."

She stepped forward, the top of her head coming only as high as his chin. Del hadn't realized how short she actually was. "She's a cheating whore, and her husband deserves to know, don't you think?"

He bit his tongue and scowled, realizing that yelling wouldn't help the situation.

She turned back away from him. "Okay, so the pics are saved to my cloud, and I even printed 'em out, in case you're good enough at computers to hack my account."

Del sighed...Helena had prepared well. "What do you want me to do?"

She bounced, her B-cups bobbling about in her shirt. "Ooh, I was hoping I'd be inspired when you got here, but now...too many options, and I can't decide on any! Oh, I know..." She pulled out her phone and started typing. "I joined a Viewdit group for masters and slaves earlier today, so I'll ask them what I should have you do. Hmm..."

Blip! Blip! Blip!

Her eyes lit up and she laughed, "Ha, awesome! C'mon up to Mom's room." He followed her up the ornate staircase to Trista's bedroom. "Sit on the bed."

She rummaged through her mother's wardrobes and grabbed some things. "Wait here..." She went into the adjoining bathroom and closed the door. A few minutes later, she came out, still wearing the t-shirt, but now she had garters with dark, thigh-high nylon stockings on instead of her sweatpants. She dropped her phone onto the side table, climbed onto the bed, and nibbled her lower lip, reminding Del of her mother. Sitting at the head of the bed, she spread her legs and he could see that she also had some lacy black panties on.

She extended one long, slim leg. "Suck on my toes."

He blinked. She had been wearing Chucks when he came in, so her feet were probably sweaty.

She frowned and reached for her phone. "How disappointing."

Del grabbed her dainty, stocking-covered foot and shoved the toes into his mouth, grimacing as he started to suck on them.

"Mmm..." she sighed, smiled, and started typing again. A few minutes later, she said, "Dang, this person really likes nylons. Do you like my legs, Del? You can stop sucking."

He let go of her toes. Despite the degradation of the act, his cock was getting hard. "Yes, you have gorgeous legs, Helena."

"Just like my Mom's?"

He considered. "Hers are gorgeous too."

She was watching him very closely now. "Which do you prefer?"

He didn't know how he should answer.

"Be honest...I won't get mad."

"Your mom's are more toned; she works hard to keep in shape. You're naturally slim, so you don't need to work out. Sorry, I think toned is better than slim."

"Hm, I see...take out your cock."

"Uh..."

"NOW!"

Del got off the bed, pulled down his jeans and underwear, and stood there. At Helena's direction, he sat back on the bed before her. Then she moved her feet down and took his cock between them.

"Umm..."

It was awkward, but she was determined. Soon, she was able to stroke up and down his rising erection between her stockinged feet, the nylon catching at the skin of his shaft as it rasped up and down. Del had never felt anything like it before.

"Why...are you doing this?" he gasped.

"Because I want to. Why else?" She moved one foot so the arch of her foot pressed against his shaft and her toes grasped at the head of his cock while her other foot continued to stroke.

He was having trouble controlling his breathing. "Fuck, I'm gonna..."

"Yeah? So cool!" She moved her feet upon him faster until he grunted and shot his cum onto the bottom of her nylon-covered foot.

She kept stroking him, but it soon became overwhelmingly sensitive and he backed off, looking embarrassed.

She waved him away. "Okay, you can go, but make sure you're ready for when I call."

He pulled on his clothes and went home.

Helena pulled off the dripping stocking and sucked the foot of it into her mouth as she frigged her clit. Tasting Del's sperm again, she quickly came, thrilling at the thought of what she did, and what she'd do to him next time.

---

Del got a call from his parents as he walked through the front door. "Hey, Mom! Yeah, just got home from my job." He looked over and saw Nancy sitting on the couch, watching TV. He went into the kitchen to fix himself a snack. "Mm hm...mm hm...yeah, she's taking care of me."

Nancy glanced over and saw Del looking at her as he said that. She blushed but kept watching her show.

"Yep...I'm making a new life here, Mom. Yeah, love you too...say hi to Dad!"

New life...Nancy's hand caressed her midsection, thinking about the huge load of sperm Del had pumped into her that very morning. She had been careless, allowing the young man to plunder her vulnerable insides with his no doubt potent sperm as her body entered its fertile time of the month. She could feel her pussy moistening at the memory, but she had broken it off with him for good this time. She had called her husband, and he would be coming home early at her insistence.

She heard Del head downstairs to his suite and sighed. He still had Trista across the street to satisfy his urges, so he'd survive just fine.

---

*Got a treat for you today! Cum over at 7pm*

That had been from Trista the next day. Both the MILF-y blonde and her daughter were ordering him around now.

Helena opened the door for him, wearing only short-shorts and a sports bra today, with her strawberry blonde hair pulled back into a ponytail. Her skin shone, and he thought that she might have been exercising. "Her bedroom...come to mine after." She gave him a wink.

"Trista?" He opened the master bedroom door to find the leggy blonde laying on her bed, completely naked, and she brought a friend! "Um..."

"Close the door, Del. This is Marietta, and she's been looking forward to making your acquaintance after I told her about all the fun we've been having."

"Uh, hi." Del couldn't believe how much this pretty, older Latina lady looked like a darker-skinned version of Nancy, with large breasts, a curvy body, and dark, shoulder-length curls instead of Nancy's auburn tresses. She was likewise naked, her legs wide, with Trista's face between them.

"I've been getting her ready for you," Trista said as she got up and strode over to him. Then she kissed him hard and he tasted the other woman's juices on her lips. "We want several loads from you tonight, Del, so get undressed." She sat back down on the bed and waited.

He quickly disrobed and climbed onto the bed, uncertain. Trista's treat for him was a threesome!

"How d'you want to do this?" Trista asked Marietta. The newcomer shrugged, uncertain...she seemed shy as well, covering her large breasts as best she could with her arms. "Hmm...okay, Del, lay down."

He did, and Trista situated her pussy above his face while he felt Marietta climb astride his hips, the women facing each other. Del speared his tongue between Trista's pussy lips.

"Mmm! Good boy, Del...c'mon, Mari, get on that cock."

Del felt the other woman grasp his hard member, direct it to her pussy, and then start to press down upon it. "Fuuuck, he's big," she groaned.

Del felt a bit proud at that. He grabbed Trista's hips and pulled her down onto his tongue.

"Uhh...you're getting better at that, Del," Trista moaned as he also licked at her clit before dipping his tongue inside again.

Marietta had gotten half of his cock inside her, and it seemed like she was struggling.

"Let me..." Trista said, and she leaned forward. Del couldn't see what she did, but the other woman groaned and slipped further down his cock as her pussy loosened up. After she pulled up a bit and pressed down again a few more times, he was all the way inside her.

"Got it...alll..." she moaned. Del could feel her pussy trembling around his shaft.

"You want that cum? You have to earn it, Mari...move that ass..." Trista ordered her friend.

Del felt Trista shift as she pushed Marietta back, causing the newcomer to arch her spine as she continued to ride him. This new angle caused the head of his dick to rub along her G-spot, and he heard her gasping as his member pleasured her insides.

After a few minutes, Trista whispered to her friend, "Oh, he's gonna fill you up with that hot cum soon, I can tell. Won't that feel good, babe, all that sperm inside you?" Marietta whimpered, and Trista took one of the woman's prominent nipples into her mouth.

Del couldn't hear or see any of this, though. He felt Marietta's pussy grip him tighter, and he pushed two fingers into Trista's pussy as he continued to lick at her clit. He was indeed getting close, the two women overwhelming his senses. He felt Trista lean forward more...her fingers flicked at Marietta's clit on the downstrokes, but on the upstrokes she caressed the base of Del's cock. That was it for him...he grunted into Trista's pussy as his balls gave up their cargo and shot his orgasm up his lengthy shaft and deep inside Marietta's sultry pussy.

Upon feeling Del's cock throb, followed by a wet, warm pressure deep inside her, Marietta came. "Ohh! Ahhh! Aieee!"

"Yes!" Trista sat up and pulled her friend into a hot, tonguey kiss as her boytoy inseminated the woman. "Mmm..."

Finally, both of them rolled off of Del and they all lay there, panting. After a few minutes, Trista engulfed his cock with her mouth and sucked all of his and Marietta's combined juices from it. Pretty soon, his member rose to near full size again. "Ah, youth..." Trista commented, and climbed astride him. She was able to take all of him inside her juicy pussy without issue, and began to slam herself down upon him, quickly approaching her own release. She glanced to the side, saw Marietta playing with her own clit as she watched Trista and Del fucking, and came. "Ngg! Oh-hh! Yesss..." Trista played with her own nipples as pleasure washed over and through her.

When Trista's orgasm was done, she dismounted. "Get over there and fuck Marietta again, stud."

Marietta looked at Del with wide eyes. "Trista, I'm not sure I can...oomph!"

Del had leapt upon the voluptuous woman and slipped his hard cock back inside her spermy pussy. He thrust into her quickly, wanting to achieve his second release of the night. If he blurred his eyes, he could almost believe that he was having sex with Nancy again.

He felt Trista come up behind him and wrap her arms around his chest while pressing her pelvis to his butt. "Hm, like this, it's almost like I'm fucking her," she breathed into his ear. "This is so damn hot." Del could only agree. "You've probably already impregnated her, but let's make doubly sure, hm?"

"What?" Del slowed down but Trista moved one arm down around his hips so she could keep thrusting from behind, which pushed his hips forward. "Trista..."

"I'm sorry for not letting you know beforehand, Del, but I didn't know what you'd do if you knew. Marietta's a single professional, and she wants a baby, so I offered your...stud services..." She nibbled on his ear. "C'mon...you can't tell me that you aren't turned on by this." She continued to thrust from behind, but Del wasn't fighting back, only letting his hips be pushed and pulled by her as his cock sluiced into the body of the fertile woman below him.

He acknowledged that it was indeed hot, shooting his cum inside this voluptuous lady. Trista had been practically training his brain for this moment, urging him to play 'knock me up' every time they had sex. Had her method been purposeful, or a happy coincidence? He couldn't think on that very well, as he was approaching his second orgasm of the night.

"Ohh...please..." Marietta stared into his eyes, her need written plainly on her face as she pushed her rounded hips up at him.

Finally, Del let go, thrusting faster into the sexy woman until he felt another cum rising from his loins. "Uhh...mnnn...UHH!"

"Yesss..." both women moaned as he thrust deeply inside Marietta and fired another load of baby juice deep inside her.

"MMMH!" Marietta moaned as she furiously played with her clit and came again. Del felt her pussy suckling on his cock, urging more of his potent sperm to penetrate her fertile insides.

He fell upon Marietta, his energy gone. Trista let go, and the Latina enveloped him with her arms and legs, brought his face to hers, and kissed him passionately. "Thank you, Del. Ohh..." He felt a small orgasmic aftershock squeeze his cock.

When he recovered enough, he redressed. "I, uh, gotta go..."

"Thank you, Del," Trista said, "you'll get an extra-special treat next time for being such a good boy."

"I...may not survive..." he moaned. He looked back at Marietta. "Err...nice to meet you..." he said lamely.

She waved as he stumbled out of the master bedroom. He was going to head home and sleep forever...

Helena's bedroom door opened and her finger beckoned.

"Oh shit..."

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)