Sarah and the Gypsie's Curse
by Cream_Caramel

SARAH AND THE GYPSIE'S CURSE CH. 09

Emily is forced to strip at work and spend a whole day naked.

So as you may guess, the curse's whole "being stripped by total strangers" was increasing in frequency, so much so that Gary had not tricked me out of my clothing in public for quite some time, yet I was struggling to remember a day where I didn't end up naked and more.

And of course, it wasn't strictly strangers, acquaintances and co-workers felt free to relieve me of my clothes and dignity quite often, take for instance the time (well, first time) I was stripped in the office.

It was an average monday morning, I was at my cubicle finishing up some forms the boss asked me to fill out when a coworker of mine, Calli, came over to talk, I don't quite remember what the topic was because within a minute, her mug had spilled its contents all over my shirt and skirt, it wasn't that hot anymore, but I was still a mess.

Calli apologized, but while I was thinking what to do about this mess, Calli offered to take my clothes and clean them for me as I wait in my cubicle, I pretended I was rightly against this idea at first, but by Calli's logic, I was already seen by most people here naked, so underwear wasn't that big a deal, and since it was in the middle of lunchtime, she figured not that many people would come by here.

Obviously, I thought it was a brilliant idea, I feigned a sigh and took off my soiled shirt and skirt, and noticed that my bra was also hit by this accident, I groaned in frustration, knowing what Calli would say.

Sure enough, I was now taking off my bra and handing it to Calli, who darted away with most of my clothes leaving me topless, nay, wearing only my panties at my own workplace.

And of course, that prediction about no one coming over at lunchtime in such a short time turned out to be completely wrong, not only did Calli not return quickly, at least half a dozen of my other co-workers decided now was the perfect time to grace me with a visit, only to see me in such a miserable state of undress and, both male and female, grab a handful of my boobs for a squeeze while laughing at me.

And it didn't stop there, soon people dragged me off to the cafeteria in my undressed state, where a good chunk of the company was hanging out, now treated to a good view of me wearing nothing but a pair of underwear, being dressed in only my panties wasn't an excuse to miss lunch, although as you'll see in a minute, I wouldn't even get to eat anything.

Here I essentially get passed around, hands roaming every inch of my body, breasts fondled, ass slapped and pinched and grabbed, pictures taken, and even my panties didn't survive the lineup, they were peeled off my body in no time.

Then someone had the bright idea of turning me into a plate, like those sushi girls in some restaurants in Japan, so there I was, with pizzas on my breasts and a bunch of soggy steamed veggies covering my crotch as well as whip cream adorning a good chunk of my body, feeling extremely silly, humiliated, and worst of all, horny, regarding this situation.

Soon the food was all eaten, but people didn't let up, now someone is outright fingering me there on the table, and a couple of people were sucking on my nipples, suffice to say, I came to a squirting orgasm right there for all my co-workers.

I was allowed to rest for a second, but not for long, someone came over asking where I was, somewhat surprised at my state, but still delivering the message that I was late for my meeting, and that everyone was waiting for me to give my presentation.

And so I found myself in that disheveled state, giving a presentation while naked and covered in food remnants, it's not surprising that some of the people seemed a bit bewildered, though naturally none were upset.

The humiliation conga line didn't end there, however, one girl snuck behind me as she pretended to go to the bathroom earlier, and I jumped a little as a vibrator slipped right into my soaking wet pussy!

I yelped and squirmed, getting handled by my coworkers in a cafeteria was one thing, but getting this treatment in the middle of a presentation in front of the higher ups? I was speechless, however, I was the locust of attention at that moment, and one of the higher ups exploded, not at the coworker who had just stuck a vibrator into my pussy, but me, the one standing there naked and smelling of sex, to be fair, it's not a stretch to assume that this was also my idea, though it was definitely a shock as nobody until now treated my humiliation and nudity with anything but laughter and amusement to now be scolded for it.

The only explanation I could come up with was that it was false outrage in an attempt to strongarm me into doing what came next, though honestly I'd have done it at the mere suggestion of it.

I was castigated by said higher up, an older woman, that if I was going to make a mockery of a display in here, I might as well give them a proper show, I was dragged on top of the table and told to cum, I could feel my loins quivering at the stern command, my body was extremely willing to follow through with this complete destruction of my dignity.

I grabbed the vibrator and began fucking myself with it, the presentation abandoned in favor of showing everyone my orgasm, I proceeded to reach a squirting climax for the second time today.

I was kicked out of the meeting as the coworker who ambushed me was told to finish the presentation, I left, completely broken, only to be met by Calli, my clothes nowhere in sight, of course, and I was told to follow her to my Boss' office.

In the office, my boss told me that Calli had told him what I asked her to do, this was of course odd from my perspective, especially the way he put it, I couldn't fathom how having an accident and asking her to clean my clothes was a big deal.

But before I could figure things out, he continued by telling me that Calli had described how she spilled a tiny bit of coffee on my shirt's cuff, giving me an excuse to pretend that they were ruined, and that I proceeded to strip fully nude and shoved my clothes into her arms, telling her to throw them out.

I was flabbergasted, now many of the events that transpired today made a whole lot more sense, the flood of visitors at my cubicle, the coworker in the meeting, even the "accident", all of that was Calli's doing.

My boss started to say something about how unacceptable all this is, but I was busy boring holes into Calli's smug face, I was dragged back into whatever the boss was saying when he told me that he'd let this slide if I were to admit it was my idea to do all this and indicate that I was not forced to do this on camera, for legal reasons.

I could tell this was a sham, but my body didn't care, it wanted that confession to happen, even more so when the boss suggested that, as proof of that, I should masturbate on his desk after doing so, also on video, of course.

Not only was I being publicly humiliated thanks to this curse's effects, I was now set up to have my very career ruined, but the most frustrating bit was my body's reaction to this.

I sat down on boss' desk, and began to declare to Calli's phone recording me how I had stripped out of my clothes of my own volition, that none of this was forced upon me, and that to prove this, I'll cum on camera.

I proceeded to finger myself to a third orgasm, despite being extremely tired by the end of this, it still felt just as good as the first two, and I was still just as horny as I had been when this started as my hips bucked and my body shuddered in absolute bliss.

My head at this point was nowhere near rational thinking capacity, which is probably why my boss took this opportunity to offer me a new position.

I'd get compensated for the additional responsibilities, of course, and I'd get to be naked whenever I was here, and that sounded like heaven to me at that moment.

I heard an unzipping noise as my boss said that we should consummate the agreement, asking me to get on my knees, quite ragged, I happily did so, taking my boss's thick cock into my mouth, I noticed Calli's phone was still recording.

Gary was laughing his ass off at this revelation when the boss called him mid blowjob, he even told him to inform my coworkers to keep escalating and that they have free rein on me, as my boss recounted that, I moaned with his cock in my mouth and was subsequently rewarded with a facial soon after.

I got no work done for the rest of the day, of course, I was passed around as a toy from cubicle to cubicle, a crowd around me all the time.

The highlight of the day was me being given as a reward to the two top performing employees that month, who had their way with me and fucked me vigorously for the rest of the day in front of everyone, there was even a video of me getting the Eiffel Tower by the two.

Back home, I got accosted by Gary who took his time fingering me to multiple orgasms as I told him all that had happened to me today and watched all the videos on our big screen TV, he even bent me over and fucked me when it was time to watch the video of me being spit-roasted by the two top employees.

It was probably then that the idea of not waiting for the curse and taking my humiliation into my own hands seemed very appealing to me.






