The Local Girl
by MiloXarts

The Local Girl Ch. 01

A rich, snobby girl discovers her sexuality and more.

** Finally, at college! **

She could not wait to get rid of her parents, especially her mother, who checked every single cupboard and drawer she found in the apartment. She also controlled the bathroom and the toilette. Amber heard her complaining loudly about the dirt and the condition of the fittings.

"I will call the landlord! I didn't expect that!" she said. "I want him to replace the fridge and the fittings in the bathroom!"

"Okay, mom," answered Amber, irritated a little bit.

Amber agreed with her mother about the state of the apartment, though. The rental costs were high enough that one could expect a perfect condition. Although, she wanted to be finally alone.

"Are you hungry? Do we want to eat something together before your John and I leave?"

"Mom, I am not hungry. And I'm a big girl. I'm fine, okay?"

At least Amber's stepfather seemed pretty relaxed. He sat in an armchair on the balcony and was smoking a cigar. Only when her parents were about to leave the apartment, he said: "If there is something with the car or something else, just let me know."

John was forty-five and therefore six years older than Amber's mother, Joan. And for two years, he was her third husband. John was handsome and rich, and Amber wished to find a husband like him when she was ready.

Sometimes, she fantasized about John when she masturbated lying in her bed. Of course, he was much older, but damn, he was so hot. Even Amber's friends thought he was a stud! Since she saw him naked, with his toned body, abs, and big cock, she repeatedly returned to the fantasy about him.

Joan, Amber's mother, was the former 'Miss Texas' and still beautiful. Nevertheless, she was almost forty and Amber barely nineteen. Her sexy body was perfect, her skin flawless. And she inherited the best female assets from her mother. She did not miss the way John looked at her when she played flirtatiously with her blonde hair. And she loved to tease him at times, for example, wearing a really skimpy bikini at the pool. Amber liked to tug her bikini bottom up to make it cut between her folds a little bit and flash a lot of her bubble butt at the same time. Sometimes she put on a too-small bikini top, making her dd-cup titties almost spill out of it. John seemed to like her kinky little actions, though.

When she kissed him, noticing his scent, she felt a slight twitch between her legs.

"Okay, thank you, John," whispered the young blonde beauty.

As her parent left the apartment, Amber jumped up. No parents, no roommates, she got the whole beautiful apartment was for alone!

She grabbed the smartphone, lay down on the sofa, and called Jessica to chat a little. Of course, keeping her little secret for herself. Jessica didn't know about Amber's feelings towards her. She had no idea how her presence and somehow her domineering manner affected Amber. There were times Jessica mocked her, calling her 'Pamsi' because Amber always loved being pampered. This was why she was glad they weren't at the same college. Even if she really missed her friend most of the time.

Amber has always been a mean, arrogant, selfish little bitch, and she knew it. Since she could remember, she had always been popular. She was considered petite with her frame of about 5'3" at 112 pounds, but it didn't hurt her. The blonde beauty always had a big mouth and had always been able to play social politics. That was just a survival skill where she came from. There were only two people who could tame Jessica's temperament and put her in place. One of them was John, and the other person was Jessica, her friend.

Amber loved to be the center of attention, and she didn't care if she behaved like an arrogant bitch. However, if she was too complacent around Jessica, her friend didn't hesitate to chastise her.

"Stop behaving like a dumb slut," Jessica used to say at times. And Amber didn't know why, but she enjoyed it somehow. Of course, she had never told her friend how being called like this made her tingle.

While Jessica was about to tell Amber about the dormitory and her new roommate, Amber's hand slid under her lacy white panties. Dipping her fingers into the wet folds between her legs, the petite blonde started to stroke her clit, listening to her friend's voice. Her heart was beating faster and faster, and she had to concentrate on not breathing too loudly. For some inexplicable reason, she felt so horny as rarely. She wished Jessica would tell her something nasty, call her a dirty name as she occasionally did, or something.

"God, I'm so wet!" thought Amber, fingering her damp pussy. She hoped Jessica didn't notice the nasty wet sound it made.

"Are you fingering yourself you little slut?" asked Jessica suddenly.

"What?! No!" answered Amber, breathing heavily. She pulled her hand back from her wet panties. "I work out a little bit," she lied.

"If you mean," chuckled Jessica, and Amber knew that she must have noticed, though.

The petite beauty didn't dare to play with herself until the phone call ended. Horny, with soaked panties and twitching clit, she went to her new bedroom. She opened the largest suitcase from the set, opened it, and dug with rashly movements until she found the little plastic bag with a zip. Horny and distracted, Amber peeled off the blouse, bra, skirt, and panties and threw herself on the bed. Then she did something she had dreamed about for many, many days. She hadn't dared to do it at home. If her mother caught her doing what she intended to do, it would end up in a disaster. But finally, the petite blonde was alone. No fear someone could come in or knock on her door. She opened the small plastic pack and removed black, used lacy panties. She had stolen them from Jessica's laundry around a week ago. In fact, she had stolen two pairs of her friend's used panties on that day. Amber smelled the scent of Jessicas little cunt and imagined her friend pushing the lacy fabric between her folds. For the first time in her life, she did something that filthy! Her face felt hot from shame, but the scent made her clit throb.

Amber's movements became frantic. She moaned aloud, rubbing the used panties over her face. She stroked wildly her clit and felt the climax approach. Although, to pinch her nipples, what she usually did when masturbating, she needed both hands free. The blonde beauty pulled the panties over her head with the gusset over her nose and took a deep breath. She fantasized about Jessica and thought what her friend would say if she knew! She imagined Jessica standing in front of her, watching and laughing at her, while she stroked her clit, pinched her nipples, and moaned like a whore. Yes, she wanted to feel like a whore at that moment! And then Amber almost exploded as the orgasm rolled over her in a big wave of pleasure.

As Amber recovered, sweating from the effort, she smiled luckily and thought how fucked up she sometimes was.

** Preserving appearances **

It took a few days for Amber to find her way into the social scene of the campus. It wasn't a big deal, though! It didn't last long until she had new friends or, as she liked to think about them, followers. Of course, they were also fashion victims like herself. Still, almost none of the girls could afford such expensive designer clothes as Amber did.

"What should I say, I am the hottest most popular girl!" she smiled to herself.

And, of course, the girls loved taking pictures with Amber. Hot girls did that. They photographed themselves, posted the photos on Instagram, made videos, and linked each other.

The blonde beauty had been taught that preserving appearances was one of the most essential things in social relations. Thus she needed a handsome guy she could be seen with. And before the lectures began, Amber found someone who caught her eye. She found out that his name was Lucas, a tall guy with broad shoulders. His rather long, brown hair fell slightly into his distinctive face with full lips. And there were something mysterious about his dark, almost black eyes. Except for the eyes, he looked pretty much like a younger copy of John, her stepfather. This was likely what had caught her attention. And Amber decided for herself he was the right one. She didn't know if he was with someone, but she didn't care either. She knew how to turn a man's head without giving him too much.

Wearing a powder-pink, short, pleated skirt showing pretty much of her legs was the right approach to attract attention. Even if petite, Amber's body was well proportioned. Not to mention her beautiful, heart-shaped face, big blue eyes, and pouty lips. Her slender, tanned legs, quite long for her size, attracted much attention. And they looked even longer with the white sandals on four-inch heels she wore that day. A little makeup, with lipgloss on her lips, and a tight white shirt, which emphasized her big breasts, made her look like a wet dream. Her long, blonde hair, with the natural, wavy cascades, gave her the look of classic American beauty.

"Oh, sorry, may I," she pushed herself between the people on the stairs. As she passed Lucas, she made another step and let her books slide out of her hands. The books and a notebook fell on the stairs. "Oh, silly me," she said with a high-pitched voice. She bent over at the waist, only slightly bending her knees, to collect the books. She knew Lucas was standing right behind her and got a good view of her behind, covered by the sexy little skirt. Maybe he could even take a peek under it, at her white 'Victoria's Secret' panties. Of course, not a string, but still sexy, she found.

Several guys were eager to help her, but Lucas held the economics book in his hands as she looked back. Good girl, Amber pat on her back.

"What do you study?" Lucas asked.

"Social Marketing," Amber answered. "And, thank you for helping me," she added with a compelling smile.

"No problem at all," he said with a bright smile.

"I'm new here and hardly know anyone," she said and didn't even had to lie. "Would you like to eat something with me?" she asked but noticed Lucas's hesitation.

"Sure. Why not," Lucas answered. Where do you want to go?" he asked. Amber found him quite shy, for a guy looking that hot.

The petite beauty loved when her plans worked. She spent not only lunchtime with Lucas but the whole afternoon. He stumbled into her trap as she intended. She learned pretty much about him, for example, that he had a girlfriend somewhere in Kentucky.

"Not for long," she said to herself.

Later, when alone in her apartment, Amber thought about Lucas. When he became her boyfriend, he would want to have sex with her. And she still didn't know if she was ready for it. Would she ever be? She asked herself.

Amber has been thinking a lot about having a family and a husband someday. God, her mother, relatives, and the community expected that from a respectable woman like her anyway. The problem was, like every man, her husband would want to have sex with her sooner or later. And this was something she wasn't sure about herself. The blonde guessed she was bisexual because it made her wet when she thought about Brian, her last boyfriend, as she gave him a handjob in his car. Or when she thought about John, a model of a man for her. Of course, she has had a lot of boyfriends during the last few years. She snogged with them and held hands, but there was almost no experience. They mainly were good-looking boys to go out with and make her friends jealous. But having sex with guys wasn't anything that exciting for her. Would it change when she first slept with one? She thought.

What made Amber really weak were pretty girls. She had known it for a long time already. The blonde beauty always wanted to kiss a girl and even did it a few times. And when thinking about sex, she imagined naked female bodies, tits, and pussies, she licked. It had become a dilemma since the petite beauty became aware of her sexuality. And now she wanted to have sex with another person more than ever before! But she wanted to make it with a girl, at least the very first time.

On the other hand, she knew her mother and stepfather would never accept if she told them she was a lesbian. She has thought it was a sin herself. And finally, all the confusion had made her lose her virginity, if ever (she still wasn't sure), to her small plastic vibrator.

Nevertheless, here at college, far away from home, she would find a girl to try it out, she promised herself. And after that, maybe she would even have sex with her new handsome boyfriend, she thought.

With her mind swirling around sex and the arousal dripping from her damp pussy, Amber grabbed her MacBook Air and leaned back on her comfortable sofa. She opened the secret browser used only for porn. Then she opened her favorite bookmarks containing mostly lesbian sex videos and stories.

Amber's hand slid under her skirt and under the waistband of her sexy baby-blue panties and ran her fingers over the neatly trimmed bush of her pussy. She felt the wetness and smelled the scent of her arousal. She used the touchpad with her other hand, looking for her favorite videos.

After a few minutes of scrolling over the found content, she felt frustrated. She didn't see in her collection anything she needed. Although, Amber didn't exactly know what she was looking for at the moment. Still, today she felt incredibly naughty and felt the urge to find something extraordinarily kinky. She pulled the notebook over her lap and started to google.

A profile of a girl on a great-designed website caught her attention. After a short time, she realized that it was an adult platform where people from worldwide could sell their pictures and videos. The profile which caught Amber's attention was named 'subSlutLuna.' The blonde scrolled over the title picture and looked at a girl her age, maybe a little older. She was beautiful and naked. And each of her quite big tits was bound with a nylon rope. The reduced blood circulation turned the tight skin blue. And there were clamps with little bells attached to her sore-looking, long nipples.

Amber read the profile description, and the rate of her heartbeat increased with each line. The description ended with words: 'Please send me more degrading ideas. Write some comments, degrade and humiliate me verbally. I am a stupid little slut, and I really need it.'

"You fucking little slut!" Amber moaned, stroking her clit faster. "You have no self-respect, have you?" she babbled while her fingers dipped deeper between her sopping wet folds. The movies were part of the paid content, but the pictures were free.

Amber scrolled down to the following pictures on the blog, and they turned out to be a small series of animated gifs of the same girl. In the first photo, the slut, as the little blonde thought of the girl, squatted over a huge dildo and pushed it up her ass. In the second and third pictures, the slut rocked the enormous thing hard, making it disappear deep inside of her. Amber couldn't believe how it was possible. But she knew it wasn't a trick. That dirty slut really pushed the whole thing up her ass. Amber's thoughts came thick and fast. Her fingers stroked her clit frantically now. She started to moan and realized she didn't have to be quiet anymore, like in her parent's house. She was alone! Suddenly, a thought shot in her head, and she jumped off the sofa.

She found her 'special' toiletry bag. With trembling hands, Amber grabbed her old, small vibrator. It was only a little bit longer and bigger than her middle finger. Then she took a towel from the bathroom, spread it over the sofa seat, removed her panties, and sat back, with her knees drawn up. She leaned back and spread her thighs wide while stroking her clit again. Within seconds the beauty was in the mood again, moaning loudly.

She scrolled down slowly to the following animated picture showing the slut humping the colossal dildo, with her tits bouncing up and down, making the cat bells tingling.

Amber switched her tiny vibrator and pushed it slowly into her tight cunt. She loved to think about her vagina as a cunt when aroused. She moved the toy a little bit until her juices lubricated it. Her heart was pounding, her breathing became faster. Moaning and writhing with an incredible desire, Amber moved the small dildo farther down and pushed it into her virgin asshole until the whole three inches disappeared inside of her. She removed then her hand and tilted her pelvis, enclosing the toy inside of her ass.

The vibrations spread over her abdomen, her thighs and made her clit throb with desire. Her cunt gushed like never before. Amber got dizzy from the new emotions and the kinky visions swirling in her head. She moaned very loud now, feeling the climax approaching. Her legs began to shake.

However, the curiosity about how the image story ended made Amber delay her orgasm and scroll down to the following animated gif. It showed the slut still rocking the dildo, but this time with her mouth open and tongue lolling out. She even drooled!

"You sick little bitch!" Amber moaned, almost screaming! But in the next step, she opened her mouth by herself and put her tongue out. She didn't realize it anymore, as she started to hump the sofa while stroking her clit and pinching her nipples with the other hand. This obscene gesture fueled her lust, and she lost herself in the animal urge. The drool dripping from her tongue and splattering her tits fueled her wild desire. The last image of the series on her notebook screen showed the girl pulling the dildo out of her ass and squirting while she began to suck on it.

"You disgusting fucking pig!" Screamed Amber as, for the very first time in her life, the squirt shot out of her. The small dildo slid out of her tight anal hole while she trembled and quivered under the pressure of the climax!

Exhausted and almost senseless, Amber lay back, breathing fast. Her hands trembled, and her whole body shivered with excitement still being present. Also, her nipples were hard now as before. She still felt so horny and unfulfilled, she thought. The blonde turned her head to the notebook with the dirty girl again. Watching the slut pulling the dildo out of her sloppy asshole and pushing it into her mouth instantly made Amber's cunt cream again. She found it disgusting beyond belief, yet turning her on! She couldn't explain it. While watching this kinky scene, Amber's fingers started again brushing over her swollen sex, dipping between the wet folds. She felt for the dildo with the other hand until she found it.

The petite beauty closed her eyes, stroking her clit fast until she began to moan. Slightly hesitating, smelling her own filth on the vibrator, she slowly parted her lips and pushed it into her wet mouth. She felt so disgusted by herself! But this only raised her lust! She only touched her clit, without even starting to stroke it as her cunt began to contract and spasm, squirting all over the sofa again.

The intensity of the orgasm made tears run down her cheeks while her body spasmed.

** The ladies' room encounter **

Amber couldn't really concentrate on the lecture about the origin of marketing. The newly experienced desires and the emotional adventures didn't let her go. It was so insane! Never before the petite beauty had masturbated more than two times the same day! And yesterday, she stroked her clit almost the whole night until her pussy felt sore.

After the second lecture came the lunch break. Amber left the course and headed to the ladies' room. As soon as she locked the cubicle, she lifted the skirt and pulled her panties halfway down. The crotch was wet from her arousal. The scent of her sex spread in the narrow room.

Amber couldn't help it, as her hand found almost independently her way between her legs. Her pussy was so fucking wet! Not only damp but incredibly swollen and dripping. The vivid images of the previous night found their way into her mind and spread all over her imagination. With her mind's eye, the blonde saw the slutty blog girl fucking her ass with a huge dildo and sucking after that on it. She saw herself doing the same with her own toy. She remembered the disgust and the disgrace she felt. Yet, thinking of it made her stroke her clit faster. While rubbing her pussy with one, she let her other hand slip behind, between her ass cheeks. Lost in her imagination, Amber began slowly to massage her rear opening with her finger again, then pushed it carefully in. She leaned her flushed face against the cold surface of the door. Still playing with her clit, she shoved the second finger into her tight asshole and began to move it in and out. The sensation was overwhelming. Amber felt embarrassed about herself, but her cunt started to make messy, disgusting noises, wanting more of it. She knew she was about to cum. She craved it so much!

Yet, just before the climax flushed over her, she heard the door open! When laughter echoed, Amber fell silent and tried to calm. Her heart was still beating fast. Her mind raced, but she didn't dare to move. Two girls giggled, entered the toilette, and chatted. Although, Amber didn't really listen. Still leaning against the stall door, she tried to calm her breathing and whirling emotions.

The unknown girls used the toilettes, flushed them, and left the cubicles, incessantly talking to each other while doing it. Amber hoped only they wouldn't notice her.

Then as she looked down, she realized her panties must have slid down her legs as she masturbated and were resting on her pumps, around her ankles. Unfortunately, the cubicle stall separators and doors offered a space of about ten inches between them and the floor. A beam of halogen light fell under the door directly on the slimy crotch of her panties. Amber could see it and knew that the girls would see it too if they only dared to look.

The petite beauty froze, with her face glowing with shame. Not daring to move, she hoped she would remain undiscovered. The girls were still chatting, and it seemed like Amber would get away with it.

"Are you ready or what?" asked one of them.

"Wait a jiffy, let me put some lip--," she interrupted in between. Then she added: "Oh my gosh, do you see that?" she asked with disbelief.

The other girl giggled. "Oh my gosh, how wet!" she chirped, almost singing.

"It's disgusting!" said the other.

Both women burst into laughter.

A wave of shame hit Amber, as would someone slap her face. But at the exact moment, every muscle in her body began to spasm as her orgasm washed through her. Glob after glob of thick clear cum gushed out of her cunt onto the white Victoria's Secret panties between her legs.

She barely heard the giggling as the girls left the restroom, leaving her alone.

Amber didn't dare to leave the cubicle for the next hour until she could be sure that the girls who had discovered her humiliation weren't near the ladies' room anymore.

Back in her apartment, but still feeling dizzy from the emotions of what happened a few hours ago, the blonde spent almost sixty minutes under the shower. She was torn between the shame she felt and the need to give in to her desires. Tears welled up in her eyes as embarrassment washed over her. Still, the same humiliating affection made her clit pulse in the next minute, and she had to force herself not to touch herself again.

** The flirt on the beach **

It took a lot of effort not to play with herself in the days that followed. The petite blonde avoided opening the secret browser on her notebook and forced herself not to think about the kinky girl and her shameful blog.

The first day was hard, but attending the lectures and meeting friends made it more accessible. Amber learned a few new friends, including Julie and Mackenzie, who also tried their own fashion blogs.

Another day, as she left the building, she met Lucas again. He was sitting on the stairs, eating a sandwich and reading something on his smartphone. It was a sunny, hot Californian day with beautiful cumulus clouds in the sky. Amber's ambition awakened, and she thought back to her goal of turning Lucas's head.

"How are you?" she asked. She wore a tight, white sleeveless top and pleated grey skirt. It was still pretty short but a bit more descent than many others she owned. White pumps matched the outfit, as well as decent makeup. Her hair was bound into a simple ponytail.

Lucas smiled, looking up.

"I thought you disappeared," he said. "To be honest, I was looking for you yesterday," he added.

"Oh, really? I am sorry, I was busy. You know, the lectures and stuff," she chirped. Her plan still worked, she thought. "But if you want, we could spend some time today," she said.

"Sure? What do you suggest?"

"Am just a girl, and you are a strong man," she teased a little. "Any plans?" she gave him a flirting smile.

"Well, there is a beautiful lake with an even more beautiful, sandy beach not far from here," he said shyly. "I mean, it's a hot day, but if you don't want--," he wanted to expand, but he cut him off.

"Okay," she answered.

"Really?" he asked, surprised.

"Yes, let's do it," Amber answered.

"Oh, great. Let me call a buddy. He got a car," said Lucas and started to scroll over the contacts on his phone.

"You don't need to. We can take my convertible."

"Oh, really? Okay. Then let's do it," Lucas said.

"I must change into a swimsuit, and I guess you need your swim trunks too?" Amber asked rhetorically. "We can't go swimming naked, can we?" She teased again.

"Of course, you are right. Let us fetch the things. Where do we want to meet?"

"I am a lady and can't just fetch something," she said with a pretended indignation but smiled then. "I will meet you here in an hour, okay?" she answered.

After arriving in her apartment, Amber took a shower and shaved her bikini zone. After that, she looked for all her swimsuits and bikinis and then considered them spread all over her bed. The petite beauty decided on the yellow one, with white trims, that she had worn the last time in Cancun a few months ago. It was maybe a little bit daring, but she had to make an impression on Lucas.

After another ten minutes, wearing the bikini, sunglasses, sun hat, and a tunic, the sexy blonde was almost ready. She packed two beach towels in a large cloth bag and finally headed to the car to pick up Lucas.

While driving, Amber noticed how Lucas started on her legs. She liked it and wondered if he would dare to touch her. He didn't, but she felt how much he wanted.

The lake was beautiful with its clear water, the surrounding trees, and the sandy beach in this area. Many people were on that hot day at the lake, and most of them were students. The sun burned mercilessly, but Lucas found a shady spot.

The water in the lake was pretty cold but still acceptable. After taking a bath, they laid down and talked, enjoying the relaxing moment. Lucas was pretty straightforward, Amber thought. He was honest and maybe even a little naive, however. He told her about his brother and his parents and their farm. Amber told him a bit of herself, too, without giving too much away.

While walking, swimming, and fooling around, the bikini bottom tended to cut in between Amber's round buttocks. She noticed the boys ogling at her, And also Lucas seemed to enjoy the sight. And the petite beauty never really hurried to cover her bubble butt, letting him pretty much time to discover her body with his eyes.

"Looking, not touching, sweetheart," she thought, smiling.

The sun slowly leaned towards the horizon, and the beach thinned out as Amber jumped out of the water and ran toward the towels. Her tits bounced up and down, and the bikini cut even more between her legs. Still, she ignored it, even as the wet, yellow, now semi-transparent bikini slid slightly between her folds, creating a visible cameltoe. Two guys were lying on her towels and looking at her as she passed them. They measured her body with their eyes, and she saw as they noticed the outlining pussy. But she passed them by confidently, without looking back.

Lucas caught up with Amber in the next moment and pushed her gently down on her towel. There was a short pause as they looked at each other. Water dripped from his hair. She moved her head and kissed him. He kissed her back, although a bit of hesitating. However, his hand slid up on her thigh. They started to kiss passionately.

Their spot between the trees was slightly off the beach, and none was nearby. Apart from that, Amber had noticed in passing that most of the remaining students were couples and busy with themselves. Out of an impulse, she moved her hand toward his crotch and rubbed his dick through his trunks. The sexy blonde couldn't explain why she did, but the desire to feel a hard cock in her hand again drove her. It had been a while since she gave Brian a hand job the last time. And Amber must have admitted she liked the feeling of a hard penis in her hand. Lucas' fingers, however, reached Amber's pulsing clit and began to stroke it slightly through her bikini bottom.

"Not so shy anymore," she thought and let him do, at least for a while. She noticed how aroused he had become and how wet she became by herself. Not wanting to give him the wrong impression, she stopped his hand.

"Listen, Lucas, I know you have a girlfriend, and you must know, I am not that kind of girl," she whispered, playing the sincere.

"Oh fuck, you are right. I am sorry. I don't know why--," Lucas tried to explain.

"Because you can't wait to lay me down and fuck me," was what she thought. But she said: "I could be your girlfriend, and I have pretty much to offer. Nevertheless, I have to be sure to be the only one," she smiled and kissed him on his cheek. She played the game perfectly, and she knew it. "I really hope you understand," she said, looking him in the eyes.

"You are absolutely right," said Lucas. "I have to be sure of my own feelings."

It just went excellent, Amber thought. Lucas needed a little more time to himself, which gave her more space to find out if she really wanted to have sex with him.

The petite beauty had time, a lot of time, and she was pretty sure, sooner or later, he would crawl to her feet.

** A breathtaking climax again **

After the first week at the campus, Amber had the feeling to have arrived. She had found a clique of like-minded people with whom she could talk about fashion, but also new digital opportunities. The beauty discussed the latest social media hints and new emerging opportunities going along with them. She began to feel like a bit of an academic.

Sometimes she regretted not living in a dormitory like her new friends. On the other hand, everyone envied her for her luxurious apartment. She didn't need to share the space with anyone. And at nights, when Amber was alone, she had to admit that it was indeed an advantage. After three days of sexual abstinence, she couldn't resist anymore. Already during the lectures, she could hardly stand it because her panties got wet that much. The vivid memories of the embarrassing situation as she had masturbated in the ladies' room left her no peace. The shame she had felt followed by the most powerful orgasm of her life let her constantly think about it.

And almost every day, she was thinking about the kinky blog she had discovered a few days ago. The girl's profile 'subSlutLuna' was burned into her imagination. However, the thought of getting wet on submissiveness or even humiliation terrified her. It was so wrong, so incompatible with her convictions and upbringing. Yet, she couldn't resist thinking about such depraved, humiliating things.

After all, Amber gave in. She opened her MacBook Air and clicked on the secret browser to navigate to the particular blog she wanted to see so much again. The site reloaded, and Amber's heart began to drum in her chest. Again she heard the blood rushing in her ears.

The newest update contained no pictures like earlier but a video of the girl. To see the videos, she had to pay using her credit card. The movies weren't expensive, and apart from that, the money wasn't a problem. Amber hesitated because she didn't want her mother or John to discover it. On the other side, her mother never checked the credit card bills, at least, not by such small amounts. Excited, with trembling fingers, she created a user profile, entered the requested data, and was ready to open each content she desired on that page.

Amber scrolled down to the movie, pushed the buy button, and purchased it. After that, she clicked the play button and watched spellbound at the screen. The camera pointed at a red, old chair on which the girl sat. She flung her legs shamelessly over the armrests, presenting her bald shaved pussy to the audience. The big tits of the slut were bound and dark blue again. But this time, even her nipples seemed to be stretched out and bound with elastic bands or something. However, the most humiliating thing the girl had done, at least in Amber's opinion, was to put on a pig's nose made of plastic on her face. Having a cloth pin on her tongue at the same time. The slut showed her face to the audience all over the world what shocked Amber as much as it turned her on.

The beauty's cunt leaked into her panties within seconds, soaking through. She didn't even notice pinching her own nipples while she watched the spectacle with an open mouth.

The girl in the video slobbered all over herself and moaned as she grabbed a leather strap. Then, spreading her thighs even more, she began to blister her shaved cunt with it. The blows came fast and hard, and the pink flesh of the slut's pussy became deep red in no time. Amber's finger stroked her clit as she moaned loudly.

"Yes, you fucking cunt, whip your stupid little cunt, you deserve it!" she spat.

The video ended abruptly, as the girl started sobbing, leaving Amber exhausted and sweaty. Damn, she was so short before climax! Calming a bit, the blonde scrolled down to look for another video or pictures and hoped to find something equally degrading. She didn't know what was driving her, but the desire to see the girl being degraded made her clit throb. She wanted to see her suffer, thinking at the same time if she could do something like this, or at least behave so shamelessly in front of a camera. Amber found a series of animated gifs of the slut shaving her cunt bald next. There were a lot of comments below, and she wondered how she would look so clean shaved like a porn star. How would it feel like to touch herself?

The petite beauty continued to scroll down and found another video to buy. After buying and starting it, Amber watched the girl as she walked down a narrow corridor with paint peeling off the walls. This time her tits were not bound, but she had the clips again on her nipples with a small chain dangling between them. Except for white panties with red hearts, she was naked. The video continued as a door opened, and the girl entered a room with a wooden floor. The camera then swiveled into the opposite direction to show a group of three females and one male whose faces had been blurred. Amber's heart began to beat faster again as she watched the humiliating action. She heard the other girls in the background giggling and talking in a language she didn't understand.

However, the slut's face blushed, and the petite blonde could empathize with her shame. She even felt her own face glowing with embarrassment, imagining herself standing in front of the group instead. Her arousal hit a new level. She panted heavily while her fingers frantically stroked her clit. Her cunt gushed already, and she was on the verge of an orgasm. But she really wanted to see how the video ended. Suddenly, a tall, slender girl in a black miniskirt, opaque pantyhose, and a black hooded sweatshirt approached the naked slut and pulled her panties down to her ankles. Everything happened in front of the others. Amber heard the giggles in the background again and quivered with humiliation and excitement. In the following sequence, the hooded girl disappeared from the camera angle and returned with two long, thin twigs in her hand. The embarrassed, naked girl said something in the language like before, and Amber wished she would understand her words. Her facial expression seemed mortified, and tears welled up in her eyes. Watching the sequence, Amber's hand became faster on her clit, while she bit on the other hand's fingers. Her chest went up and down. Sweating, panting, and playing with her cunt, she followed the action on the screen as the hooded girl cut with the twigs through the air. The swooshing sound rang out in the speakers. The naked slut, still standing in front of the group, suddenly started to pee herself, and Amber's orgasm flushed over her. The blonde's dazed head, flooded with emotions, felt like it would explode. The video ended at that point, but she didn't notice anymore. Her pussy gushed the squirt all over the place! The breathtaking climax continued until she slumped exhausted on the sofa.

** The sex shop **

The night had become a masturbation marathon again. Amber didn't count how many times she had fingered her sore pussy and how many times she came. But as she awoke, her bedroom smelled of female arousal. Looking at the watch, she stated she overslept. There was no need to hurry anymore. Her notebook was still open, but the battery was empty. She connected the charging cable and went to the bathroom, still consumed by the wild, naughty dreams she had over the night.

Under the shower, she looked at the neatly trimmed bush of her pussy and decided to shave it a little bit more until only a narrow strip on her mound remained.

After drying herself with the towel, she noticed that her pussy became more sensitive. The knew feeling aroused her.

Amber returned to the living room and closed the notebook but logged instead. Her arousal grew with each second as she watched at the profile of 'subSlutLuna.' She knew she had to stop. Otherwise, her masturbation orgy would run out of control. However, before closing the browser, Amber noticed a commercial for an online sex shop. Suddenly she knew what she wanted to do today! She opened another tab in the browser and typed googled for a sex shop nearby. She found it in the city, only a few minutes away with a car. But at first, she had to clean the sofa and then wipe the floor. Not to forget about ventilating the apartment.

Two hours later, styled, wearing an expensive, sexy white summer dress with matching high-heeled sandals, she parked her convertible at a curb and hesitated. The sex shop didn't look like a shady place. It seemed pretty nice and bright. What kind of a girl would look in a sex shop for? She asked herself the question repeatedly while she watched people and cars passing by. And being honest with herself, she didn't really know what she came there for.

On the one hand, she wanted to have a really realistic dildo so as not to be a virgin anymore if she decided to sleep with Lucas. But her vivid fantasy returned to the video sequences, making her mentally digress to nipple clamps and other toys and maybe even a strap or a paddle? She was ashamed of her thoughts. While white lacy panties moistened, however.

She couldn't make it, she decided, started the Mini Cooper, and drove away. But then, after fifteen minutes of driving the streets aimlessly, she came back. She parked, stopped the engine, and spotted a black-haired girl on the sidewalk across the street at the exact moment. Amber couldn't name what caught her attention, except that the girl was beautiful. Her hair was straight, black, and shiny and her skin had a color of milky coffee. The tight, black leather-look leggings made the slender, toned legs appear incredibly long, especially in the spiked pumps. Amber didn't find gothic girls buff or sexy, but this was indeed a cutie. The blonde followed the girl with her eyes and opened her mouth, surprised as she disappeared inside the sex shop.

Amber got of the car, crossed the street, and headed to the sex shop. She almost bumped with a man who had just opened the door to leave the shop. Amber sneaked inside. Once in, she slowed down, surprised by its neat design.

The shop was more extensive and more pleasantly furnished than she would ever think. Soft, pleasant music echoed from the speakers, and it smelled of orange blossoms.

Amber witnessed a couple standing in front of a shelf in one of the rooms. She made a few steps looking at the racks on the wall, full of vibrators, dildos, and other sex toys. She discovers a little more while looking for the raven girl. In another room, she found fetish and BDSM clothes, skirts, dresses, pants, hats, masks, chains, and others things made of leather, latex, or steel. But the girl wasn't there either.

Amber returned to the main room, noticing the checkout counter at that moment. The beauty from before sat behind the counter and read a book. She even didn't look in Amber's direction.

The petit blonde hoped the girl would witness her, but she apparently didn't care. From there, the black girl looked even prettier. Amber had to find a way to get into conversation with her. To buy something was likely the safest way. Despite the shame, she found a rubber dildo with a suction cup that looked quite realistic. Amber grabbed the plastic packaging and went to the fetish room, where she had spotted nipple clamps a few minutes before. She grabbed the paper box and wanted to leave, as she noticed a leather tawse, looking similar to the one she had seen in the movie. Amber grabbed it also. With the sex toys in her hands, she risked a glimpse at the checkout, but there was none. Excited yet extremely ashamed, she went to the counter. Her heart pounded, and the blood rustled in her ears.

The girl behind the counter put her book away and got up. She looked at Amber for the very first time. With her green almond eyes and the little snub nose, she inevitably had something Asian about her. Even if she was actually black. Amber had seen thousands of fashion magazines and photos of models on the internet but had never seen such an exotic girl in real.

"It makes hundred eighty-six dollars and twenty, Miss," said the exotic beauty with an emotionless expression on her face and charming voice.

"Miss?" thought Amber. It made her blush even more.

The girl still looked into her eyes, making Amber unable to move. Heat spread over her body.

She felt dizzy. Not because she was in a sex shop nor because of the items she was about to buy. The exotic girl's presence alone did it to her.

"Or is there anything else I can help you with, Miss?" asked the beautiful cashier once more, pulling Amber out of her daydream into reality.

"Excuse me! It's my first time... in a shop like this, I mean," answered Amber, embarrassed.

She felt unlike herself. Where was her self-confidence? She tried to sound more confident.

"Could you help me, please? I am not sure if I made the right choice," Amber said, trying to involve the girl in conversation, despite the embarrassment.

The girl smiled amusedly, and Amber had the impression that the beautiful eyes could see right through her. She noticed the girl's dark, almost black lips, black nails, nose and ear piercings, and other few details typical of the gothic style. And the blonde was surprised to find that there was nothing about the girl she disliked.

"You mean the plastic dildo or the leather strap?" the salesgirl asked.

"I mean the dildo," Amber answered. Her cheeks burned with shame. "I have never used anything like that."

"Well, I would recommend buying a lube, Miss. Particularly when you want to use it for anal sex," the girl answered. "Like that over there," she pointed at a shelf with plastic tubes with a clear, liquid substance inside.

Amber squirmed with shame as she heard the words. She would never use such a large thing anally, or would she? But the suggestion alone made her pussy gush so much that she was afraid she would leave a filthy puddle on the floor.

"Oh, no, I wouldn't... But, like, I'll take it, I guess...," she stammered, went to the rack with wobbly knees, and grabbed one of the tubes, feeling the girl's eyes on her this time.

"This one," the cashier pointed at the tube Amber held in her hand, "is with a strawberry flavor. You could even put it also in your mouth if you wanted." Once again, the girl smiled, amused, apparently enjoying Amber's behavior.

How the attractive cashier explained things to Amber created the nastiest, most perverted visions in her imagination.

"And this wicked smile!" thought Amber.

Her embarrassment spread over her chest, abdomen, and between her legs, making her feel light-headed from the arousal.

"Oh, gosh... Like, good to know, thank you," she answered, stammering again.

"And the tawse here," the exotic girl mentioned the leather strap on the counter, "is a UK import. It looks pretty harmless, but it can leave nasty marks on your skin. You should know about it before using it. I mean, in case you want to spend a hot day at the beach in a bikini or so. Otherwise, someone might notice, Miss."

"Once again, this Miss," thought Amber. "We are the same age! Why does she do that?"

The blonde felt hot and was sweating while her clit throbbed so much that she couldn't wait to be alone to finger herself.

"Oh, well, I..., you know, I mean, thank you for the explanation," she answered, trying to sound more confident, but it didn't work. Her pathetic babbling made her feel weak and dumb, which increased the embarrassment.

"Not a problem," the exotic salesgirl smiled. It makes altogether hundred ninety-seven dollars and forty. Do you want to pay cash or credit card, Miss?"

"Credit card, please," answered Amber and pulled her card from the purse.

As the salesgirl looked at the card, a new wave of shame flushed through the petite beauty because the girl knew her real name now! Nevertheless, it was too late to pull out.

"I wish you a lot of fun with those toys, Miss," said the girl with a knowing smile, giving the credit card back to Amber. "And hope to see you back again soon," she added.

Amber's old self screamed inside her to immediately get out of the shop. However, she caught herself looking for an idea to meet that girl again.

"Oh, like, are you here every day here?" she asked. "Uhm, in case I forgot something," she added.

"Pretty every evening, Miss," she added, looking again directly into Amber's eyes. The girl's green eyes penetrated her. And none ever before made her heart flutter like this.

"Oh, thank you," she answered. "Thank you, again for the..., thank you," she added once again, cursing herself for behaving like an idiot. She grabbed the plastic bag and hurried, heading to the car.

** A bra for her needs **

The air conditioner cooled the car's interior down to seventy-one degrees within a few minutes. However, Amber was still sweating. She closed the top and pulled up the tinted windows, creating a little bit of privacy. She still didn't move, consumed by her thoughts about the sex shop girl, the shameful moments she had endured, and the kinky fantasies that let her still feel so damn horny.

Amber pulled up the hem of her dress over her thighs, revealing her white panties, and let her hand slip under the light fabric. Since she had shaved most of her bush, the tender skin of her pussy felt more sensitive. And when she got wet, like now, her hairless folds were damp and slippery. The touch of her throbbing clit made her want to satisfy herself now and there. The horny beauty considered the clamps she had just bought and decided to try them on. She looked in the side mirrors and through the side windows, turning her head, but only a few people passed by. Hastily, with shaky hands, she reached back and undid the bra. She took it off with quick but hasty movements and placed it in the passenger seat. The slight scrubbing of her rock-hard nipples against the coarse fabric of the dress made her squirm with desire.

Amber shook the contents of the plastic bag onto the seat next to her, opened the packaging, and took out the nipple clamps linked with a thin chain. She adjusted the tiny screw and then put the first clip on her hard nipple. She gasped with pain and pleasure, then followed the next clamp. The ache felt heavenly! The pressure on her nipples impacted her clit, which started to throb even more. The scent of her female arousal spread in the car. She looked into the rearview mirror, considering her blushed face, then lowered it to see if the top of her designer dress revealed what was underneath. It didn't. Not the clamps nor the chain outlined in the fabric.

Amber knew it still wasn't done. Her tits had to be bound, as seen in the video.

"Your tits should hurt, you nasty little slut," she said to her mirror expression.

Using vulgar names for her girly bits in her thoughts made her feel dirty and slutty.

The thought about what to do. Buying a rope was one of the possibilities. Still, Amber knew it would be difficult, if not impossible, to do it by herself. Although, another idea appeared to be much better. It could work, she thought. Amber corrected the rearview mirror, straightened up, buckled up, took a deep breath, and started the car.

Hundreds or even thousands of times, Amber Willson walked corridors of shopping malls, passing shop windows, parading her beauty, sexy body, and expensive clothes around. She loved seeing men daydreaming about her and other women envying her. Her facial expression, posture, and grace she moved on her high heels pictured ever-present her self-confidence and position in society.

That day, however, as Amber walked through the crowded, air-conditioned mall, she felt a bit different. The constant rubbing of her tortured nipples against the fabric caused a sensual pain that whipped up her excitement to an unbearable level. Her pussy was extremely swollen, making her hips sway more now and her walk look lascivious. And on top of that, her virgin cunt constantly oozed, making the blonde's silk panties stick to her shaved lips. She imagined she could smell her own scent and worried that others might smell it too. She felt like a slut walking along the aisle. She pictured that everyone knew how wet and horny she was, increasing her excitement.

What Amber was looking for was a cheap lingerie store. She would have to cut up a bra for her purposes, and it would be a sin to destroy a designer piece. But she spotted a shop which could be the right one. It was a cheap teen fashion, exactly what she was looking for. Wearing her over two thousand dollars expensive outfit, she felt pretty misplaced in the store, though. She realized it was the very first time in such a junk shop.

After a quick orientation, she noticed the tables with bras and panties. And after a while, she found two bras in size 70AAA size. Of course, the cups were way too small, but that was the idea. The only important thing was that the scope fit. Those bras seemed to be the right choice.

Amber went to the checkout counter and paid for the bras.

"Excuse me, do you have scissors, maybe?" she asked the saleswoman behind the counter.

"Sure, but please bring them right back," said the woman and handed her the scissors.

"Of course," answered Amber and took both bras into the changing booth.

She closed the curtain and took off the dress watching herself in the mirror. Being separated by only the curtain from all the other people in the shop sent shivers down her spine. But Amber's kinky side had long since awakened, even if she didn't really realize it yet. Her big 'DD' tits slightly sagged without support but were still round and beautiful. Her small, usually pink aureolas looked now red and sore, however. As Amber removed the clamps from her nipples, her blood started to circulate what caused sharp pain. She gasped aloud.

Using the scissors, she cut out the fabric of the small cups and put the first bra over her shoulders, and pushed it under her tits. After closing the clasp, she tried to get her breasts through the small openings of the cups. The fabric didn't give in a bit, and she struggled, tugging and squeezing on her boobs. Those became red because of the pulling and tugging, but Amber liked the effect. Now her tits bulged through the too-small openings, standing out and looking apparently larger. Besides that, the cut-out holes were extraordinarily tight. Amber noticed how the skin color on her breasts changed from rosy to deep red due to the limited blood circulation. Now her tits looked as seen in the video. And the feeling was even better than she ever imagined!

As next, Amber put the clamps back on her already sore nipples. The sweet hurt sent a jolt of pleasure directly to her clit.

Still watching herself in the full-length mirror, Amber felt like a shameless whore. She dipped one hand under her wet panties and began to stroke her clit. She closed her eyes and listened to the steps and voices around. She imagined she stood in front of an audience. People watched her and thought what a stupid slut she had become. Her fingers stroked her clit faster now while Amber used the other hand to tug slightly on the chain attached to the clips. Her nipples hurt, but it made her cunt gush.

Suddenly some girls' giggles echoed. Three girls were trying on clothes in the next booth. They whispered and giggled every now and then, considering themselves in the mirror. Although, in Ambers's saturated imagination, the girls were standing right behind her and watching her humiliating herself. The laughter and the whispers made the blonde beauty almost cum, but she stopped to increase the risk and the excitement. She pushed the thumbs under the waistband of her wet panties, tugged them down, and let them fall her ankles. In case that somebody pulled the curtain of her both aside, there would be no time to cover anything. It made her feel totally filthy and shameless. But she couldn't help. The risk of being caught in such a humiliating situation drove Amber out of her mind. Her body tensioned, and she bit on her fingers to avoid being too loud as the climax washed over her. A little squirt flew down her legs and into her shoes.

The panting and light-headed beauty stepped out of her damp panties and put them into her purse. Before she ran out of courage, she put her dress over her naked body and her exposed, sore tits, which became blue in the meantime. The effect on her dress was noticeable. The tits looked much bigger, and even the clips poked a little underneath. Amber once again hesitated, but her slutty cunt wanted it so much.

"Go ahead, slut, go and humiliate yourself like a dumb bimbo," she whispered to herself. Driven by arousal, Amber left the booth.

Her face felt hot, and she knew even her makeup couldn't hide it. However, the problem was that the embarrassment and excitement grew with every step. The reality mixed with her vivid imagination while she walked, swaying her hips lasciviously. Amber rarely left the house without a bra because she felt too exposed otherwise. Today her tits looked much more exposed than ever before. And she even didn't wear panties! She was absolutely naked underneath! The imagination, her wetness, and the scrubbing on her nipples turned made her insane with craving. Every now and then, she stopped with a pounding heart. She had to avoid to cum middle of the mall in front of other people! Still, the imagination of it made her want it. And feeling the fresh air hitting her moist, naked cunt fueled her dirty desire.

Being on the verge of a climax, Amber finally reached the parking lot and her car. As soon as she closed the door, she pulled the hem of her dress over her thighs. Her hand moved instantly between her legs and dipped between her sloppy folds. A powerful, breathtaking orgasm rushed over her and made her shake, spasming behind the wheel while her juices gushed over the leather seat.

** She has a name **

On her way to the first lecture in digital psychology, Amber fetched her a big cup of cafe au lait. It was a hot, humid day with over ninety degrees. She felt the damp air wet her skin, hair, and clothes. Within minutes, the blue t-shirt clung to her body. She hoped the humidity wouldn't ruin her hairstyle before reaching the lecture hall. Her nipples still felt sore after the encounter in the mall. But the thought about it made her tingle.

A small group of girls stood on the stairs in front of the door, and Amber recognized Julie and Mackenzie.

"It's pretty selfish to bring a coffee just for yourself," remarked Mackenzie, but she laughed. She looked like a fashion model in her expensive outfit and new expensive haircut.

"We forgive you, but the very last time," chirped Julie. Julie also liked to wear pleated, short skirts and show off her slender legs. Amber realized, Julie pretended only to be shy. She noticed her body language and the glimpses of the male students around.

Several minutes later, Amber and her clique of the hottest girls at the campus took seats in the middle of the rows of seats. More and more students poured into the hall. She was just laughing at a joke one of her friends had told, as Lucas caught her eye. He didn't notice her while talking to a pretty brunette. Amber wondered what he was doing here because he studied mechanical engineering or something like that. At least nothing, what had to do with psychology. Jealousy arose in her. Not because of love, of course. She just claimed him for herself. And the blonde beauty always got what she wanted. Of course, she knew, Lucas's casual, personable manner, besides his masculine, attractive appearance, made him a sought-after man. But she was the hottest girl on the campus.

"He is looking good, isn't he?" whispered Julie, as she noticed who Amber was starring at.

"I don't know, maybe," answered Amber nonchalantly and took a sip of coffee. The imagination that someone would discover anything between Lucas and her made her feel awkward. But why? She asked herself. Wasn't it what she wanted? To be seen around with a hot guy at her side? However, Lucas left the auditorium a moment later while a middle-aged female professor was unpacking a laptop and books on a heavy, wooden desk.

As a raven-haired, beautiful girl appeared in the door, Amber was still affected by Lucas's sight in the brunette's company. The coffee cup slipped Amber's hand, fell to the floor, and the milky liquid spilled over the parquet flooring. The students jumped back, attracting widespread attention. Heads turned to her.

"Sorry," she apologized while looking for Kleenex in her bag. As she dared to look again, in the girl's direction. The exotic girl seemed not to have noticed Amber. Or did she ignore her, asked Amber herself. Anyway, the girl moved two rows below until she reached a free seat. The blonde watched the girl speak to one of the other students. Then another girl approached the gothic beauty and hugged her.

"Amy, I missed you!" The other girl said aloud.

"Amy, her name is Amy," Amber was thinking while wiping the floor as well as possible using tissues. Finally, she sat down and tried to calm. Nonetheless, she couldn't focus on the professor's opening about psychology in the digital era. Every now and then, Amber's gaze swiveled to the left, trying to gather her nerves.

"She wouldn't want anyone else to know what she did for a living," thought Amber. "She'd be as embarrassed as I would. No one would

believe her anyway."

But Amy's presence annoyed her. The girl wasn't supposed to be here in Amber's social group. She wasn't supposed to have a name! She was just a sex-shop girl!

Amber needed a few minutes to compose herself. While sitting in the lecture, she developed a plan in her head. She had to convince her friends to ignore this girl. The petite beauty was favored and would convince her friends not to hang around with this girl. It was only a sex-shop girl and low-class anyhow!


