Side-Tie Bikini
From: MANGACHICK69 May-28 2:04 pm 
To: ALL (1 of 24) 
8.1 
I have to admit that my most favorite thing to wear is that daring little string bikini with side ties. This wonderful little invention has gotten me in trouble so many times that I just can't count them! 
Thats why its the only bathing suit that I'll ever wear. 
It seems like any guy that sees one of these has an irresistable urge to tug on the strings! I often watch them staring at those strings as if determined to somehow un-tie them telepathicly. So, if you're looking for some attention from the guys then I suggest that you wear one. 
So many things could happen and do happen when your wearing one of these that I think that I might rate this as THE MOST DANGEROUS thing a girl can have in her wardrobe. 
So share with us all of some of your adventures with your side tie bikini and I'll share mine! 
--Jessie 
 
From: Trish (TRISHLANDIN) May-28 4:11 pm 
To: ALL 
8.2 in reply to 8.1 
Absolutely Jessie! 
String bikinis can be VERY chancy. And guys know it. 
I guess that's why, to reduce the risk, some girls double tie the bow or make a real solid knot. Others tie a half bow instead of a full one. This is because, though the half bow may look more insecure it's actually not. For you see, with a half bow there's a 50-50 chance that someone who tries to untie it will grab the wrong string and then a knot will form, instead. (Experiment with this and you'll see what I mean.) 
Also, I've noticed that many girls think they're making their suits more secure by tying them on as tightly as possible. But all that this does is cause the strings to dig into the skin, which can become a little painful when the strings get wet in salt water. Meanwhile, if the strings have been brought together in a simple bow, they're still just about as easy to untie. 
But all of this has to do with other girls, not with me. For my part, I'll bet I enjoy the risks of wearing a string bikini as much as you do, Jessie. So I only tie my bikini on using a simple bow with each pair of ties. I want it to actually BE as risky as it LOOKS. That's part of the fun. 
But I've paid a price for such daring. 
You see, the first time I wore a string bikini, which was back in high school, I immediately noticed that the boys really liked it . . . and liked me in it. So, because I wanted boys to like me, I made sure that, ever afterwards, I always wore a string bikini swimming. Furthermore, it didn't take me long to figure out exactly what the attraction was. Like you say, boys wanted those strings to come untied soooo bad! It was like they were praying for an accident. So, of course, I would tease them to distraction by always tying my bikini on in a way that made it really vulnerable. I felt so wicked and hot when I did that! 
Well, it turns out the boys were doing more than just praying. 
Let me explain. I used to believe that, when swimming in the surf, the current could, on rare occasions, cause the strings to come undone. I might get hit by a big wave and, the next thing you know, my bikini bottoms would be falling open or sliding down one leg. If the wave were big enough, the tie at the back of my bikini top could even untie. Then I'd stand up and discover that my top was now only dangling over my breasts, held on by just the tie behind my neck. I got pretty embarrassed in those days when occasionally such things would happen. 
Silly me. 
I don't know when I finally made the bright discovery that wet strings don't usually come apart so easily. They need a little help. And certain pesky high school boys, who would hang close to me when I was in the water, turned out to be the real cause. They'd wait until a big wave hit, which would suddenly distract all my senses, and they'd untie the nearest string at the same time. I could never feel them doing it. And because the rushing water would pull my bikini away, I naturally thought the ocean was the culprit. 
It wasn't until one boy's timing was so badly off that I detected his clumsy tug at a string. Then I suddenly got the point. Was I shocked, let me tell you! 
But, later, as I pondered it all, I realized that some boys would go to great lengths just to get a thrill from secretly undressing part of my body. And that discovery gave ME a thrill! 
So, ever since that time, I've carefully guarded my bikini strings when around guys I'm not interested in but have been the opposite with guys I like. Sadly, though, the boys have grown up to become men and don't try such kid stuff as often. On those rare occasions when they do, however, I always scream, act embarrassed, cover up, and pretend I think the ocean was responsible. :-D 
What a hoot! 
-- Trish 
 
From: LAURAZINN May-28 8:28 pm 
To: MANGACHICK69 
8.3 in reply to 8.1 
Jessie, in your message introducing yourself, you wrote: 
"I have always had a secret desire to go crowd surfing at a concert in a string bikini, the thought of being passed around without any controll and wondering if my bikini would end up with me or lost somewhere in the crowd would be my ultimate thrill!" 
I do something almost as much fun when I'm in a string bikini. 
First, I tie the bikini on kinda loose. My bikinis are all unlined, so the fabric of the bottom, when it's dry and sagging a little on me, ripples and flutters real sexy when I walk. As for the top, if it's dangling just a little loose too, sometimes my boobs almost sway free of it. Also, a loose bikini needs to be adjusted every so often so it won't fall or shift in ways that show too much. Guys really get off on seeing a girl adjusting her bikini. 
Then, with my tie-side string bikini like this, I walk right through a thick crowd of people at the beach. For example, if a lot of guys are going down a flight of steps to the sand, or are walking along a narrow causeway or something, I sometimes make it a point to be going in the opposite direction and walk right through the bunch of them. I love brushing up against hunky guys. (And I know they like it when I do.) It would be so sexy if one of them would reach out and untie my bikini as I pass by. I know some of them want to. But nobody has been brave enough yet. But I keep doing it hoping it might happen. I walk into other crowds too, such as those hanging out around open air restaurants or listening to a band or something. 
When I feel like teasing, I sometimes find an excuse to stand close to some guy sitting in a chair. I try to position myself so one of the side ties is right under his nose. I can sometimes tell by the breathing that a guy wants to untie that string real bad. Or maybe he wants to get a peek down the front of my loose bikini bottom or something. It gets me real hot to feel them squirming in their seat. 
Laura 
 
From: CARRIE1P May-29 4:33 pm 
To: LAURAZINN 
8.4 in reply to 8.3 
Can I relate to this site or what. I just started reading the posts and wow, does this thread strike close to home. 
String bikini is the sexiest and most dangerous thing a girl can wear. There doesn't seem to be any limit to how small they can get and even if they stay in place its really exciting wearing them. Its practically impossible to keep from showing something. 
I have several stories I can post when I get a chance but the one that really relates to this thread is this one from last year. I was out rollerblading with a couple of my friends. I was in my favorite string bikini. We were rollerblading all over the place and ended on this street where a whole gang of young people were coming our way. I kind of tried to avoid them but somewhere along the way someone grabbed the string on my side. I didn't realize it until I felt it come untied. I grabbed it as it slid down my leg. There were a couple of hoots and hollers and I struggled to keep it from falling completely off. I'm sure they saw all of me before I got it semi back in place. I skated off holding it with my hand. If someone had grabbed the other side I would have been bottomless in the middle of the sidewalk before I knew what happened. It was really exciting. 
Oh well got to read some of the other posts. 
Great site! 
Carrie 
 
From: MANGACHICK69 May-29 4:58 pm 
To: LAURAZINN 
8.5 in reply to 8.3 
OOO! I love the idea of removing the lining! I just bought a new bikini this weekend. What caught my eye was the extra long tie strings. Could be trouble! Ha Ha! 
I'm going to remove the lining tonight. 
I'll be going to the beach in a couple of weeks and "TEST" your suggestions out. I'll let you know if anything wicked happens, can hardly wait! 
--Jessie 
 
From: Trish (TRISHLANDIN) May-29 6:29 pm 
To: MANGACHICK69 
8.6 in reply to 8.5 
I like my bikinis unlined, too. That way the top shows the impress of my nipples really nice. When I'm excited, my nipples get hard, which guys find really attractive. As for the bikini bottoms, if they are on tight, they show the contours of everything down there. If they are on loose, sometimes the guys try to see if they can get a glimpse of my pussy through one side or the other. And an unlined bikini that gets wet can really cling to everything like a second skin. Furthermore, if it's white it might even become transparent! 
-- Trish 
 
From: LAZYLINDA2 May-30 6:33 am 
To: CARRIE1P 
8.7 in reply to 8.4 
Dear Carrie, 
That rollerblading incident sounds dangerous in quite another way. I hope you're really good at keeping your balance when on wheels like that. If somebody untied my bikini bottoms while I was skating, there's a good chance the surprise of finding myself suddenly exposed in public would throw me off balance and cause a spill. And couldn't a bikini slipping down one leg get caught under a rollerblade and cause an accident that way, too? 
I'm glad you came out OK, but your experience has pretty much convinced me that string bikinis and rollerblades don't go together. 
Yours, Linda 
 
From: GINEBEE Jun-5 1:38 pm 
To: MANGACHICK69 
8.8 in reply to 8.1 
Hay ya'll... 
I have had several intresting situations wearing strings or too small bikinis. 
One such incident occurred in a hotel pool. We were with another couple in the pool being gauked at by about 50-75 guys, there was a fireman's conventation in town, both of us in too small bikini's. Both of our husbands take every opertunity to expose us in public. We laid by the pool about an hour and decided it was time to turn over. We asked our husbands to please tie us back, my husband told me I should just go topless no one around here would mind. Several guys agreed with him and repeated his request. I told them they couldn't handle a topless girl out here. I tied up the string behind my neck and did my best to keep covered as I rolled over. I managed to hide most of my tits, but for the guy that were staring, they say a glimpse of a nipple I'm sure. I tied my back strings then hooked Kathy back up. But when she sat up, she did it a bit too quick, her tits had moved around and they were barely in her top and she immediately bust out her top and scrambled to cover back up. A number of the guys saw her and cheered at her flashing. We settled back down and I untied the strings around my neck and adjusted my top to the edge of my nipple to give me maximum exposure to the suns rays. Kathy just covered up as much as she could after being embarrassed over losing her top. We were getting hot and decided it was time for a trip to the pool. There must have been like I said 50 to 75 guys around the pool drinking beer and making catcalls to us. There were only about 10 other girls around the pool, but they were hanging close to their husbands. As we made our way past everyone and slipped into the pool. Our guys followed us into the pool and we began swimming around, the whole time I was worried I would fall out my top. I kept adjusting it to keep my tits covered, finally my husband told me to stop and just let them do what they want to do, no one here would mind. A few guys watching me heard what he said and agreed with him. Then one of them said "why don't you just take it off, you are about out of it now anyway". Guys hearing that greed and cheered raising their beers! Then they started chanting "TITS, TITS, TITS......" I shook my head "no", as my husband came up next to me and said why not, you showed everyone last night, (another story) I told him that was different we are outside and not in public. He then reached up and tried to untie the strings behind my neck, I pushed away from him and headed into the deep end of the pool, trying to retie my top and move away at the same time. Our friend Dave, seeing what my husband was trying to do, swam up toward me too. As they got closer to me and me not being able to touch the bottom, I new I was in trouble. I ducked under the water and tried to swim between them with one hand holding on to my stings, as I got near them they too ducked under too. I felt them grabbing for me and untie the stings behind my back, and then I felt a hand on my bottoms pulling the stings at my sides and my bottoms sliding down my legs. I tried to grab at them but I needed air and had to surface. Breaking the water I felt my bottoms pass over my feet. Kathy seeing my top untied, swam toward me to help me try and get away and retie my top, she had no idea I had lost my bottoms. As I got to her, trying to keep my tits covered holding my top in place, I told her they had my bottoms, just as her husband held them up to the cheer of all the guys watching, and he tossed them into the crowd. As she tried to retie my top they came after me and stopped her, she tried to get between me and them and retie me, but that was the wrong thing to do, as she looked at her husband and told him don't you dare even think about it. Before she could finish my husband grabbed the back of her top and unhooked it and started pulling it away from her. She grabbed it, pulling my top off of me and they sorta play tug of war with her top. As her husband got to her and grabbed the sides of her bottoms and started pushing them down, which made her immediately let go of her top and mine as she grabbed her bottoms. The crowd around the pool had gotten thicker and cheered louder as Kathy's tits were now in full view. Her brown nipples were tight from the water as she struggled to keep her bottoms. My husband made his way over to help Dave, he held out her top, she grabbed at it with one hand trying to keep her bottoms with the other. Then he tossed it over her head and when she jumped for it as it went over her head she let go with the other hand and down her bottoms went and she was pulled off her feet. He tossed her bottoms also and someone on the side of the pool caught it and waved it around. She was now trying to cover up as best she could and they now turned back to finish off my bikini top, I started to run but as I got to the steps of the pool there was no where to go, as the guys were crowded around watching. I stopped in the waist deep water and reached behind my neck and untied my top that I had just retied myself, pulling it off I tossed it at my husband. The guys around the pool were going wild as I stood in the water with my hands on my hips not even trying to cover myself. I then swam toward Kathy and told her to flaunt it cuz there is nothing we can do now. She slowly dropped down into the water and moved her hands from her tits and we swam around the pool. We flashed our tits out of the water to the crowd of guys who cheered each time they got a glimpse of a tit out of the water. Our husband got out of the pool to watch us swim around the pool naked. A bit later I looked up and saw him waving bye to us with our towels in their hands. At first I panicked, and then I figured what the hell and I told Kathy to follow me. We swam to the steps and pushed our way through the wall of guys. Many of them were grabbing our asses and tits as we made our way past them. We caught up to them as they were getting on the elevator near the pool and rode up with them, "have fun", my husband asked. We just smiled and walked ahead of them to our rooms minus a bikini each! 
 
From: MANGACHICK69 Jun-6 1:08 am 
To: GINEBEE 
8.9 in reply to 8.8 
Wow! what an expierience you had! How did you feel as you watched your bikini being tossed into the crowd? I hope that your husband was considerate enough to take you out to buy a new bikini.Do you think that having your friend with you may have given you the courage to "flaunt it"? That was a great story,so tell us about the night before. 
--Jessie 
 
From: GINEBEE Jun-6 10:24 am 
To: MANGACHICK69 
8.10 in reply to 8.9 
Lets just say that tube dresses, chesty ladies and tequila don't go together when surrounded by a bunch of horny guys! 
 
From: Trish (TRISHLANDIN) Jun-9 5:06 pm 
To: GINEBEE 
8.11 in reply to 8.10 
Well Ginebee, 
I assume that you started that new thread about tube dresses and tube tops for a reason. So I'd really love to have you post a message there telling us all the juicy details of exactly why "tube dresses, chesty ladies and tequila don't go together when surrounded by a bunch of horney guys!" 
-- Trish 
 
From: Trish (TRISHLANDIN) Jun-21 7:11 pm 
To: MANGACHICK69 
8.12 in reply to 8.5 
Jessie, 
About this time last month, after reading Laura's message about how she likes her bikinis unlined and tied on loosely, "so the fabric of the bottom, when it's dry and sagging a little on me, ripples and flutters real sexy when I walk," you wrote: "OOO! I love the idea of removing the lining! I just bought a new bikini this weekend. What caught my eye was the extra long tie strings. Could be trouble! Ha Ha! I'm going to remove the lining tonight." Laura had said she likes to practically dare guys to untie her bikini by brushing against them and standing close to one who's sitting so the tie strings of her bottoms are right under his nose! So you wrote: "I'll be going to the beach in a couple of weeks and "TEST" your suggestions out. I'll let you know if anything wicked happens, can hardly wait!" 
So, did you ever get to the beach and try out those ideas? If so, did anything "wicked" happen? Even if it didn't, please tell us what daring things you tried. How loosely did you let your bikini ride on you? And what reactions did you get? We, too, can hardly wait to hear about your adventures! 
-- Trish 
 
From: MANGACHICK69 5:24 am 
To: Trish (TRISHLANDIN) 
8.13 in reply to 8.12 
Well I did go to the beach with my un-lined string bikini. When it got wet it clung to me and you could see every bump and curve, and I felt soooo naughty! Feeling daring, I walked up to the boardwalk for a drink. I got my drink and an ice cream cone and walked through the busy part of the boardwalk hoping that someone might pull a string. As I walked my bottoms started riding up my butt. There was nothing I could do about this since my hands were full. Every step I took I could feel them moving, slowly turning into a thong! This made me feel wickedly sexy. I needed something to happen, so as I made my way through the crowd I found myself actually bumping into people. My hands were full and the thought of having an accident was making me horny, but I got through without even a little nibble on my strings. 
I sat on a bench to eat my cone and drink. I moved my strings out to "advertise" them. There were a lot of guys looking at them too! After several uneventful minutes went by, a group of 4 girls came over and sat down on my bench and one of the girls was sitting on my strings! I felt nervous as I anticipated what I was going to do next. 
There was a group of guys walking our way and they were checking us out. That was my cue! When all of the guys were looking at us, I took a deep breath and stood up! Oh my God!!! It worked too good. The strings stretched and then snapped back at me like a rubber band and then immediately hit the ground! There I was holding a soda in one hand, my little change purse in the other, with my bottoms around my ankle showing my shaved sex to everyone! Wow, what a rush!!! I kept thinking to myself, I can't believe what I had just done. The guys that were looking were speechless as their jaws hit the floor. I quickly retrieved my bottoms and re-tied the string. I must have been beet red by then and so horny! 
The girl who was sitting on my string felt responsible an apologized to me. I wanted to thank her but I kept that to myself! 
That was such a great experience. I am going to do the bench trick again the next time I go to the beach! 
-Jessie 
 
From: Trish (TRISHLANDIN) 9:00 am 
To: MANGACHICK69 
8.14 in reply to 8.13 
Wow Jessie! 
In that experience you went from dressing dangerously to UNdressing dangerously. Some of us have said that, with the tiny string bikinis we like to wear, we've had a little trouble keeping them on. But in your case, it seems you had a little trouble finding a way to "accidentally" get yours off! That made for a wild, sexy story. 
But what about those times when something happened that you didn't quite plan, want, or expect? In your original message beginning this thread, you said, regarding string bikinis, "This wonderful little invention has gotten me in trouble so many times that I just can't count them!" 
That sounds VERY interesting. I'd just love to know about some of those times and the "trouble" you got into. 
That could make this become my favorite thread, especially if the other members here get into the act. For example, Carrie wrote, "I have several stories I can post when I get a chance." And Ginebee said, "I have had several intresting situations wearing strings or too small bikinis." So, with it being summer now, I'm hoping that the smell of brisk sea air and sweet suntan oil, as well as the feel of the warm sun on our nearly naked bodies, will bring back some of those really hot and sexy memories that would be so much fun to share. 
In hopes of this happening, I'll do my part right now and tell you about something that happened to me. 
It was about two or three years ago. I was at the beach with a bunch of friends, guys and gals, some of us were high school age. The guys were doing a lot of rough housing with each other and with the girls, were making jokes, were pulling pranks, and so on. And when we girls would lie face down on our blankets to tan our backs, and untie the strings on our tops to avoid a tan line, the guys would kid around making stupid remarks like, "What if there was a fire and you had get up suddenly and run away?" or, "Quick! Roll over and look up in the sky. It's a bird! It's a plane!" 
After awhile, though, the guys stopped commenting on our untied tops and left us alone. But I knew those untied strings made them hot for us. So, later that afternoon, when most of the gang was in the water, I decided to tan my back again and so untied my top--not only the string at my back but the string around my neck. And I pushed my hair aside to tan the back of my neck. This wasn't all that necessary, but it gave me a special thrill just to know that I'd made myself that vulnerable. 
As I lay there, I kept thinking about how that sort of thing turned boys on and decided to go a step further. By now I was almost alone there, so I got up the courage and undid the side ties on my bottoms and even pulled the back part down to expose most all of my rear. (Just trying to get rid of those pesky tan lines, you know.) And even though nobody was really looking, my just doing this made me feel really really daring and sexy! 
Things stayed quiet for awhile and I felt really secure. And fell asleep. 
Suddenly I was awakened with a start. Something freezing cold had landed in the middle of my back. One of the boys was taunting me, waving his empty ice cream cone in my direction. Well, guys have put cold things, like ice, on my back and down the back of my shirt before . . . but none ever lived to tell about it. So, like it was reflex, and without thinking, I was on my feet in an instant and chasing him! 
My mind was still confused from sleep. But then there was a flash of recognition and I realized I was completely naked. I couldn't believe it! I stopped, screamed, turned around, and then threw myself face down in the sand, begging one of my girlfriends to help. 
And one girl did. She brought me my bikini and helped me put it on while hiding me with her body. Fortunately, there were only a couple of the guys who saw this. I was embarrassed, angry, humiliated, and turned on all at the same time. I didn't know what to do. So I just laughed. 
And waited. 
And told the guy I'd accept his apology. 
And when he came close to apologize, I suddenly pulled down his trunks and ran away! 
-- Trish 
 
From: LAURAZINN 4:02 pm 
To: MANGACHICK69 
8.15 in reply to 8.13 
Walking around with something in each hand can be really dangerous, Jessie, if you haven't tied your string bikini on tight enough. 
For example, if your top isn't very secure and is just sort of dangling over your breasts, it's easy for the fabric to, off and on, fall away and give glimpses of your nipples. Or your breasts could even sway completely free of their cover! You couldn't do anything about it because your hands would be full. In the same way, if your bottoms are tied on so loosely that they barely hang from your lower hips, they could work completely off while you're just walking around. And having your hands full would make it hard for you to do anything about it! 
SO DON'T LET THAT HAPPEN TO YOU. 
Especially don't walk through a crowd of people with your hands full and your bikini that loose. You could come completely out of it and be helpless to put it back on without dropping your drink and ice cream. Everybody would see your predicament. And you might even need to get some really handsome guy wearing only very tiny trunks over his raging bulge to help reposition your bikini for you while you hang on to your ice cream and drink. And still your ice cream might MELT and your drink spill while he's helping you get covered again. 
Clearly, the horrors are just too aweful to contemplate! 
So be really, really, really careful, Jessie, or something utterly shocking will happen that you'll never forget! 
;-) 
Laura 
 
From: LAZYLINDA2 10:40 pm 
To: LAURAZINN 
8.16 in reply to 8.15 
Laura, 
You're a hoot! 
Love your sarcasm. And it's so true. I've had my hands full and almost lost my bikini bottoms. In my case, I was carrying all the towels for a group of friends. If I hadn't found a guy willing to take them off my hands while I adjusted my suit, I would've needed to drop the towels to keep from dropping my drawers. It gave the guy a thrill, I'm sure, to watch me rescue my bottoms in just the nick of time. So if I'd actually WANTED to lose my bikini, I certainly would have had the perfect excuse! 
Yours, Linda 
 
From: MANGACHICK69 Jun-24 2:16 pm 
To: LAURAZINN 
8.17 in reply to 8.15 
Thanks for that advice Laura , my suit was loose but not super loose, however I think that it could have been on the verge of possibly cutting into me a little bit if I sat the wrong way, so, I think that even with all of your concerned warnings, I might have to not tie it so tightly next time. And I'll be on the lookout for that handsome guy with the bulge in his Speedos to give me a helping hand! 
-Jessie 
 
From: GINEBEE Jun-25 10:28 am 
To: Trish (TRISHLANDIN) 
8.18 in reply to 8.14 
Speaking of untied strings, last summer a gf of mine, who hates clothes as much as I do, got very daring at a public NON-Topless beach! She was worried about tanlines....at least that's what she said! She untied her top and bottom. She had the bottoms over her butt so as not to show everything. But as the breeze kept blowing it between her legs, she finally gave up and attached is what she looked like! Before we left we both slipped on men's tank top T-shirts and removed our bikinis. We made sure to walk as close to guys laying on their towels as we could! 

 
From: LAURAZINN Jun-29 8:44 pm 
To: GINEBEE 
8.19 in reply to 8.18 
Wow Ginebee! 
These men's tank top t-shirts you spoke of. Were they the fishnet kind that can be seen through? Or what? 
Laura 
 
From: GINEBEE Jul-1 5:13 am 
To: LAURAZINN 
8.20 in reply to 8.19 
No they were the white ones a lot of guys wear now. I like to cut them off and wear them as a cropped top. Just have to be careful in them that I don't expose to much, they tend to ride up sometimes. And if it gets too sweaty I have my own wet T-shirt contest going on! 
 
From: CARRIE1P Jul-1 6:23 pm 
To: GINEBEE 
8.21 in reply to 8.20 
There must be a million stories about loosing your suit in the surf. 
I remember one time the water was way too rough for what I was wearing and every wave required major adjustment to stay covered. My struggling was really tuning the guys on. They kept on encouraging me to stay out with them and like a fool I did. A couple of waves were big enough to knock me over. Each time was a major yard sale. I never completely lost my suit that day but when I'd get up I had to pull my bottom up from around my ankles and tuck my boobs back in. 
The cool part is that it was all accidental, even though I had no business being out in water that rough in the bikini I had on. 
Another time I was surfing in the Caribbean. I was already topless so I didn't have to worry about losing the top. But my bottom wasn't exactly made for surfing. I was fine as long as I stayed up. I was being pretty careful especially when I wiped out. The first time nothing much happened but after that every time I wiped out I had to pull my bottom back up. After a couple of close calls it happened. I wiped out and lost the bottom completely. Luckily I found it right away. I sat out a few before giving it a go again. Well anyway, after a couple more close calls, it happened again. I lost the suit and couldn't find it. I searched and searched and started to get frantic. My friends that I was surfing with came over to look but I really don't think they were looking that hard. Eventually I walked back to our towel, past half the beach, wearing only my surfboard. 
 
From: LAURAZINN Jul-3 5:03 pm 
To: GINEBEE 
8.22 in reply to 8.20 
OK, 
You say that you both slipped on men's tank t-shirts and took your bikinis off. How far down did those shirts reach? Were they like really short miniskirts and you two had nothing on underneath? Or are you saying that they were cutoff t-shirts and all you took off were your bikini tops? Then you walked close to where guys were sunbathing. Was it obvious that you two had nothing on under your shirts? 
I've done both sorts of things, myself, and always try to make it as obvious as I can that I'm braless or have nothing on underneath. It hightens the sexual tension all around! 
Laura 
 
From: LAURAZINN Jul-3 5:07 pm 
To: CARRIE1P 
8.23 in reply to 8.21 
Carrie, 
How did it make you feel when you'd stand up only to discover that your bikini bottoms were down around your ankles and you'd come completely out of your top? And all these guys were looking? Did you feel embarrassed, merely annoyed, turned on, what? 
And when you had to walk back up the beach to your towel with only a surfboard to cover you, how did you feel in that situation? And how did people react to you? 
Laura 
 
From: GINEBEE Jul-8 6:53 am 
To: LAURAZINN (24 of 24) 
8.24 in reply to 8.22 
Hay Laura, 
They were both long tank top T shirts that came to just below out cheeks, until we started walking! And yes we were naked under them, so when we walked by guys laying on their towels they got a view up our shirts! It was a really neat feeling giving those guys a thrill!!!
 

This file is from the "Dressing Dangerously" Yahoo! Group at: http://http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Dressing-Dangerously/ 
E-mail the manager, Trish Landin, at: Trish_E_Landin@Yahoo.com . 
