Janet and Clarke had a pretty good sex life, right from the get go. They had that special chemistry that allowed them both to trust each other enough to be comfortable so that they could both get right down to the core of what turned them on. They both had their share of kinky things that they each liked and they always seemed to be discovering new fetishes and turn-ons. But, as comfortable as they both were with each other, there were still things that hadn't been fully realized between them. One such thing was Clarke's fetish for smell. Clarke really seemed to get turned on when Janet was in a sweaty mess after a long day or after some physical activity like snowboarding or rock climbing. Janet had been a bit weary of this, up until now, given that she knew how dirty she could get sometimes and her sweaty body didn't smell so good to her. It could be very potent. But something about it turned her on. Maybe it was the feeling of her being dirty, the fact that this turned Clarke on, or maybe a combination of the two. On this night, Janet decided she would fully indulge him with this...among other things.
As they danced together at the jam packed club, Janet was busily making plans in her mind as to what she would do with Clarke once they got home. It had been a long day and she was wanting to get home. The day started with a rock climb in the hot July sun. They climbed all morning and into the afternoon. Janet could feel her bare feet throbbing in her thigh high, leather boots as she thought back to the sweltering heat of the day. The big hikers she wore on the climb with her thick socks weren't overly comfortable and they made her feet sore and sweaty. The heat in the club was almost as bad and Janet felt as though she was sweating through her tight dress and she could feel moisture all over her body. She could feel her feet sticking to the inside of her leather boots and her cotton g-string and bra sticking to her body. She recalled getting home from the hike and barely having enough time to throw off her clothes and get changed for dinner and the club. She didn't even have a chance to freshen up and hadn't showered since the day before. As Clarke stood behind her, grinding into her ass, she could feel his erection through her dress and she became flushed with heat. _Time to go,_ she thought.
It wasn't long before they were home and sitting in the bedroom. Clarke got up and started to remove his clothes and headed for the on suite bathroom. "I'm going to take a shower," he announced. "Don't go away," he chuckled. As she watched him cross the room, shirtless, Janet felt a tingle in her pussy. Clarke was a beefy guy and in excellent shape because of the active lifestyle they both shared. She never got tired of looking at him and was suddenly filled with a huge appreciation for him and gratitude for the relationship they had together. The alcohol she had consumed earlier was making her a little emotional. _This is the night to go all out,_ she thought. _This is the night I'll give him everything he wants._
When the bathroom door closed, Janet opened the nightstand and pulled out a strap-on dildo that her and Clarke had tried to use a few times, without much success. It was about 8 inches long and 2.5 inches thick. As much as Clarke enjoyed anal sex, he just could not fit the huge dildo into his ass no matter how turned on he was. Janet knew she could help him overcome this if she just worked him up enough. And that's just what she was going to do. The first thing she removed was her dress. As it dropped to the floor, she caught the scent of her pussy, wet with excitement and sweat from her long day. Her nose crinkled a little. _God...that smells,_ she thought. She pulled off her bra and then her panties. She held her panties up to her eyes. She could see her sweat and pussy juice in the gusset of them. She pulled them to her nose and inhaled deeply. As she breathed in the scent of her pussy, she felt herself getting more and more wet. Leaving her boots on, she pulled the harness of the huge rubber cock up over her knees and thighs, where it came to rest on her bare, glistening mound. She tightened the waist strap and then reached back and around to the sides of her thighs to find the two hip buckles and pulled them tight around her legs. As she stood there, the long, thick cock hung down an inch or two below her waist with its heaviness. Janet widened her stance and planted her big, size 11 feet firmly on the floor. With the chunky, rubber heel on her leather thigh highs, she stood at about 6 feet tall. She was a tall, slender Goddess, about to give her man the fucking of his life.
Janet lazily settled down to the bed and laid back. As she looked down, admiring the huge cock now attached to her, she raised her right hand to her chest and pinched her left nipple. As she pinched, harder, her left hand found her cock and she stroked it, gently. She squeezed her nipple and her cock with equal pressure as she suddenly heard the water stop in the shower. Moments later, the door opened and Clarke appeared.
"Hi there," Janet giggled, as his astonished eyes met hers. She grinned as she placed four of her long, slender fingers into her mouth and began to suck them. They emerged, shiny with her saliva and she placed them on her cock and began to jerk it. Her shiny blue nails sparkled as she worked her thick cock.
"Holy fucking shit..." Clarke mumbled.
"Why don't you come over here and stand in front of me," she coyly said, staring at the towel around Clarke's waist.
Clarke wandered over to the bed and stood, looking down at her. She got to her feet and faced him. He could feel the head of her cock pressed against his towel. His cock was rapidly filling with blood and his heart was pounding. "Kneel down," Janet said, firmly.
Clarke obeyed and got down on his knees. He was staring right into the head of a massive dildo, attached to a slender and glistening wet female Goddess. As she looked down at him, she raised her right hand towards his face. In it was her cotton g-string. "You know...I've had these on for two days now. Did you know that? And I have to say...they are pretty dirty. See how they are all wet and stained? I bet you would like to smell them, wouldn't you? In fact, I know you would. I know this because you are a fucking _loser_ , aren't you?"
"Uh...yes Janet, I am," Clarke stammered as he cleared his throat. "Yes ma'am, I am a loser."
"That's right," Janet replied. "Only a loser would want to smell my panties. They stink sooo bad. Well...go ahead then, bitch. Smell my stinky panties."
Janet tossed her panties at Clarke's face and they landed against his nose. He grabbed them and pushed the wet gusset to his nose. He could feel the moisture on his septum and he breathed in, deeply. Her two day old panties smelled so good. He could smell her pussy juice, urine and her hot sweat at the same time. There was a small hint of his cum on them as well from having fucked her the night before. It was incredible. His cock was throbbing and pre-cum was oozing out, onto the floor.
"Well, that got your attention didn't it?" Janet said with a smirk. "It makes me sooo horny, seeing you like this. I want you to suck my cock. Would you like that, bitch? You want me to fuck your face? Open your mouth..."
Clarke closed his eyes, still clutching the dirty panties. Janet grabbed the back of his head and slowly brought the tip of the dildo to his mouth. "Stick your tongue out," she quipped. Clarke opened his mouth and she pushed the cock deep into his mouth until he gagged. She pumped the cock into his throat with a nice bucking rhythm and firm pressure. "Yeah, suck it hard you little cock slut," Janet moaned. "Suck my fucking cock."
Janet was so turned on by now that she could feel the juices from her pussy running down to her asshole. She wanted him to eat her pussy badly but this was about him tonight. She pulled her cock out of his mouth and motioned for him to get up. When he stood, she jammed her tongue into his mouth and sucked his lips. She was ravenous for him and she reached down, grabbing his, now swollen, 8 inch cock. She rubbed her thumb over the head of it, smearing it with pre-cum. She then wrapped her long fingers around him and squeezed him hard while slowly stroking him from back to front. She continued to do this as they kissed and more and more pre-cum flowed out of him. Unable to keep going, she leaned back, away from him, and pushed him onto the bed. She grabbed his legs and pulled him toward her until his ass was hanging over the edge of the bed. She paused to put her fingers in her mouth to taste his warm, salty pre- cum. It was so fucking good.
"Spread that ass for me you little slut," she commanded. Clarke did as he was told and Janet knelt before him. He suddenly felt her warm, wet tongue touch his tight hole. "Mmm," she moaned. "Your asshole tastes so fucking good. I love tongue fucking your ass." Janet worked his asshole like a pro. She forced her tongue as deep into his ass as she could. She took turns licking his hole and bobbing up and down on his massively swollen cock. Once Clarke's asshole was full of her saliva, she focussed more on his cock. As she sucked the pre- cum out of him, Clarke felt a fingertip at the entrance to his ass. Janet rubbed her long middle finger up and down the crack of his ass, making it nice and slippery. Suddenly, he felt the tip of her finger slip past the opening of his tight anus and then go deep into him, to the knuckle. He exhaled deeply as his tight asshole spasmed around her finger and another drip of pre-cum squeezed out of the tip of his cock, into her waiting mouth. He settled against her knuckle and ground himself into her hand as she sucked him hard and began rhythmically fucking his asshole with her finger. After a few moments, Janet stood. She leaned over Clarke until they were face to face. She took the finger she had had in his ass and used it to force open his mouth. She then opened hers, and dumped a mouthful of his own pre-cum into his mouth. As he sucked her finger, the taste of his asshole and salty pre-cum was driving him insane.
"Now...," Janet said, devilishly. "Now I'm going to fuck you in your ass you fucking bitch. Turn over!" Janet grabbed Clarke and helped him get on his hands and knees. His chest and face were flat against the bed and he stuck his ass up high in the air. When she came behind him, he could feel the big cock brush the underside of his own. "Now my little bitch, I have a surprise for you," Janet grinned. She reached into the harness of the strap-on and started rubbing her wet pussy. She was dripping wet with pussy juice and sweat. After making her fingers wet, she rested the tip of the cock against Clarke's asshole and reached around to his face. She smeared her dirty fingers all over his face. "Smell that, you fucking loser," Janet whispered . "Smell my stinky cunt." And with that, she moved her hand to cover Clarke's mouth and slowly began to push the head of her thick cock into his asshole. He moaned hard against her hand in protest but she wasn't having it. "I'm going to fuck your asshole you little cunt and you're going to take all of my cock," Janet hissed. "Ohhh yeah," Janet moaned as she pushed the head of her cock past his sphincter and deeper into him. Clarke pushed back against her, desperately trying to stretch his ass open to ease the pain of her fucking him. As he moaned harder against her hand, she pushed on, even deeper into him. "Shhh...", Janet whispered. "Be a good little slut and take your masters' cock. Do you like me fucking you, you loser? Show me how much you love fucking my big, fat cock. Stretch that little man hole for me. Open that fucking asshole you bitch."
With those words, something in Clarke let go. Something instantly released in him and he knew it was now or never. Janet felt it as well and they both knew what was coming. Clarke took a deep breath and pushed back against her cock. Janet grabbed his hips and thrust forward, into him. The full length of her cock was now deep inside of his asshole. Janet grabbed onto his hips, tightly and began to pound his asshole faster and faster. She bucked harder into him when the rim of his ass touched the base of her huge cock. She repeatedly pounded him. Clarke felt her cock deep within him, occasionally pushing hard against his prostate. Pre-cum was flowing freely out of him with each long, deep thrust of Janet's cock. That huge, thick cock that was now pounding and stretching his tight little asshole beyond his wildest dreams. Taking one hand away, she grabbed a handful of his hair and pulled him up off of his knees until he was nearly vertical. Janet leaned over his ear and whispered, "Now you can cum you fucking freak."
She slowly pulled the dildo out of Clarke's ass and turned him over on his back. "Now..." Janet quipped. "I have to get these boots off. They are killing my feet." Janet jumped up onto the bed and stood over Clarke. He watched her take off the massive rubber cock that she had just fucked him with and lay it aside. He was looking up at soaking pussy, just above his face. "You know..." Janet said, I haven't showered since yesterday and I hiked all day in boots and socks and I've been barefoot all night in these ones. Do you know what that means you little bitch? It means that my feet are going to stink really bad. Do you like that you loser? Do you like to smell my stinky feet?"
Janet proceeded to unzip her big leather boots, one at a time and then removed them both. The smell of feet in the room was instant. "Oh...my...God," Janet said, pretending to be disgusted. "My feet stink so fucking bad. Here you fucking loser, smell that foot stink." Janet pressed her right foot to Clarke's face as he breathed in her foot odor. It was making him incredibly horny and he started to jerk off his cock. Sensing that he was about to lose his mind, Janet chimed in, mockingly. "I don't get it," she said. "What kind of loser would you have to be to get off on sweaty, dirty, stinky feet?" Janet pulled her foot away from Clarke's face and began to kneel onto his face in the reverse cowgirl position. "Well," Janet said, "You're the biggest loser I know so I guess that answers my question." Janet just sat there for a moment, her pussy hovering a few inches over Clarke's face. Her pussy lips were thick and meaty. Clarke could smell her sweet, wet cunt ad he admired her long, luscious pussy lips.
"So do you wanna cum now?" Janet said warmly. " You wanna shoot a big, thick load for me? Well I'll let you but I want you eat me first. I have to warn you though, it might be pretty nasty down there. After all, you did dump a load in my pussy last night and I haven't showered since yesterday. Do you think you can handle that you like fucking slut?" The question, of course, was rhetorical and Janet lowered her pussy onto Clarke's face. "Mmm....yeah...." Janet cooed. "Lick my pussy good. Do you like the way it tastes. I'm sooo wet for you. Can you smell it? Do you like smelling my dirty pussy? You want to lick my dirty asshole. Mmm...yeah baby, tongue my fucking asshole while you smell that stinky cunt. Mmmm yeah it stinks so bad..."
At this point, Clarke was jerking his cock furiously as he ate Janet's pussy and asshole. He sucked her thick, swollen cunt into his mouth. Her tangy flavor, mixed with her sweat was intoxicating. She knew he wouldn't last much longer. So she then backed off of him and reached forward to grab his ankles. She helped pull his legs back over his head until his cock was dangling above his own face. "Now you little slut," Janet said. "Now you're going to cum in your own mouth." As Clarke began to jerk his cock harder, Janet pushed two fingers down into his asshole. As she fucked him deep with her long fingers, she rubbed her free hand on her pussy and slipped a finger into her own ass. She came almost right away. After her orgasm subsided, she rubbed her hand all over his face and under his nose. "Here you fucking loser," Janet laughed. "I know this is what you want." Janet took the finger she had had in her asshole and placed it in Clarke's mouth. "Now," Janet proclaimed, "Jerk that big cock for me. Jerk that cock while you suck my nasty ass off of my finger. You like that taste you little cock slut? Can you smell my cunt on your face now? My nasty, stinky cunt? Smell that dirty, sweaty, stinky cunt hole while you cum." Janet leaned back a little and placed her feet over Clarke's mouth. "Do you like that too, loser?" She snickered. "You want to smell my dirty, stinky toes while you cum for me? Smell them then, you weirdo. Smell my stinky feet."
At this point Clarke couldn't hold on any longer. He opened his mouth wide and unleashed a torrent of milky white cum into his waiting mouth and all over his face and Janet's feet. Several shots of thick semen ran between her toes and down his throat. The sharp texture of his hot jizz burned his mouth. It tasted so good that he swallowed as much as he could. When he had stopped cumming, Janet leaned down and kissed him deeply, her tongue driving deep into his mouth from between her own toes. She greedily licked the hot, salty cum off of his tongue and her own feet as she smelled her wet, stinky cunt all over his face and her sweaty, stinky feet.
It was the best sex they ever had.