Best Laid Plans (Chapter Seventeen)

“I’m trying to figure out how Willow and Angel could be having sex when Angel seems to still have his soul and Willow’s supposed to be gay and sleeping with someone named Fred.”

Thanks, Anya. Really, what had Willow ever done to her? So yeah, she’d borrowed a few herbs and roots, but really, was that any reason to sentence her, and poor Angel, to death? Because if the look on Buffy’s face was any indication, Willow was going to be needing a crypt even more than Spike did, and pretty darn soon at that.

This was the worst case scenario - not the case Willow was hoping for. Gosh darn it! Was anything ever going to go right for her and Angel?

Then her mind drifted back to last night...and this morning...and this afternoon. Okay, so some things actually had gone right for her and Angel. But they were so not the things to be thinking of right now. They were actually the things to be forgetting, to be figuring out how to believably claim never happened. Go to the lesbian place, go to the virgin place, go to any place....just as long as it’s a place that gives you the right demeanour to convince everyone that Anya’s completely mistaken.

Yeah, like that was going to work. Being one of the good guys again meant she once more sucked at lying. Great.

She still had her optimism, though, so she gave denial the old college try (well, old college drop-out try, but...focus, Willow).

“How could you think that?” And that would so have come off better if she didn’t sound like Minnie Mouse on helium.

Of course, Anya being Anya, Willow should have known she would not only get an answer, but a detailed answer that seemed more than likely to ensure that the wrong side carried the day.

“Well for one thing, there’s the way Angel looks at you. Dead giveaway. Then there’s the way you try not to look at him but still do. Also a dead giveaway. And then there’s...”

“That’s enough, Anya. I think we get the point.” Buffy. Figured she’d be just as unhappy to have Anya dissect the reasoning behind her conclusion as Willow and Angel were.

“How could you? Have you somehow forgotten what happens when Angel gets a happy? Or are you so far over to the dark side that you want Angelus back?”

How dare Xander assume she was evil. After all, she wasn’t the one who summoned a murderous singing demon that ended up killing someone and ruining Willow’s life. And she had never dated Cordelia.

Not that she thought Xander was evil.

Okay, maybe she thought he was a little bit evil.

But not as evil as Angel turned out to be. Because he suddenly decided that making things worse was a great idea. He chose this moment to spill the rest of their secrets. What happened to "We’re not going to tell Buffy,” huh?

“My soul’s secure, Xander.” Angel’s tone very clearly conveyed the idea that he still thought Xander was an idiot and under normal circumstances, Willow would have hit him with an admonitory glance (among other things). But right now, she really didn’t disagree with him. After all, if Xander believed Anya, Willow and Angel had already slept together and it was pretty obvious that it wasn’t Angelus standing here in the Magic Box. Xander was still breathing.

Maybe he thought Willow hadn’t been good enough in bed to give Angel that much happiness? Oh man, that was even more insulting than him thinking she was evil. She really hated Xander right now. Suddenly, the idea of Angelus returning didn’t seem so gosh darn awful.

Back to the conversation at hand. Because Buffy was turning red again.

“What? When? And why didn’t you tell me?”

Willow was about to step in and confess her role in the re-souling and subsequent deception, when Angel spoke up once more.

“Why didn’t I tell you? Because it’s got nothing to do with you.”

“What do you mean it has nothing to do with me? Angel! This means we can be together. We can be happy.”

“No, Buffy, it doesn’t. It means I can be happy. With whoever I want. Just like you can.”

“But Angel, you and me...that’s what I want. That’s what we both want. You know you still love me. We can make this work. If this is about Spike...”

“No, Buffy. This has nothing to do with Spike. This has to do with me. With me and Willow. I love her and she’s the one who makes me happy.” He turned to her, and there was that great smile she loved so much. He meant what he said. He really did.

“I love you, too.”

If Willow was going to have to die tonight, this was a pretty great send-off. She looked into Angel’s eyes and let the love shining in them wash over her. For a moment, it almost seemed like they were the only two people in the whole world.

Sadly, they weren’t, and it didn’t take long before that fact was made abundantly clear by the clamour surrounding them.

“You love Willow?”

“You love Deadboy?”

“I knew it!”

Spike, strangely for a man who almost always had something to say, was silent. But the look on his face spoke volumes and Willow felt worse than ever for him. It was ripping his heart out to watch the woman he loved openly chase after another man. For someone so proud, this must be worse than even the chip in his head.

Unfortunately, there really wasn’t anything she could do about it. She could no more make Spike stop loving Buffy than she herself could stop loving Angel and besides, it didn’t look like she was going to live long enough to be much use to anyone.

Well, if she was going to die, she would meet her fate head on. Here goes the brave little toaster.

“Yes, I love Angel, Xander. I’m sorry if that offends you, but it’s really none of your business anyway. I mean, it’s not like you cared about how I felt when you were dating Cordelia, so...” And that suddenly seemed like a bad thing to say, what with that same Cordelia now being Angel’s seer and having supposedly changed so much and all and...okay, so she was scared of that seer cred. Sue her. It just seemed like the only reason for the wacky badness of late.

She looked back to Angel, hoping he wasn’t offended by her seeming lack of membership in the “We Think Cordelia’s the Neatest Thing Ever” club. He didn’t seem angry. Yay.

Of course, she might never live to see Cordelia again.

“You don’t love her, Angel. I know you. What we have...it’s forever. Our love is special. It didn’t just go away.”

He looked at Willow, letting her know that she was still his girl, before walking over to Buffy and putting a comforting hand on her shoulder. Maybe things would be okay after all. If anyone could handle Buffy, Angel could...right?

“I will always love you. But I’m not in love with you anymore. And I don’t think you’re in love with me anymore, either. Too much has happened. We’ve both changed. And that’s not a bad thing, Buffy. It’s not wrong to move on. To say goodbye to the past and embrace the future.”

Willow found Angel’s words incredibly moving. Gosh, why couldn’t she have said something that eloquent and heartfelt to Tara?

Unfortunately, Buffy was not moved. Uh oh.

“You mean embrace Willow, don’t you?” Then an idea obviously occurred to her, and once again it was back to the land of Willow as the fount of all evil and magickal badness. “She did something. Some magick thing...that’s why you think you love her. But it’s not real, Angel, it’s...”

Angel seemed even angrier than Willow was right now. “How can you say that? How could you think for one minute that Willow would do something like that? She’s been your friend, stood side by side with you for years...I can’t believe you would turn on her like this.”

“Turn on her? Look what she’s done! She stole you away from me!”

“I don’t belong to you, Buffy. I belong to me. I make my own choices and I choose to be with Willow. That’s it. Simple as that. She doesn’t need magick. All she needs is to be Willow. That’s more than enough reason for me to love her.”

The tears that had found their way into Willow’s eyes during Buffy’s tirade changed character now. Hearing Angel defend her like that - it was better than any magickal high she’d ever gotten from Rack, better than any feeling she’d ever had...even the sex, which had been pretty darn terrific, couldn’t hold a candle to hearing Angel proclaim that she was good enough, special enough, loveable enough.

Willow wasn’t the only one who was crying. Buffy was crying her eyes out right now and...darn it, Willow felt terrible and guilty and just plain rotten. For all the mean things her friend had just said about her, Willow couldn’t stop caring. Sometimes it sucked to not be evil.

“Buffy.” Willow’s voice was soft, but she hoped it conveyed the truth of her feelings. “I never meant for this to happen. I swear. I never, ever wanted to hurt you. And I know that hurting you is all I seem to do lately. I mean, first I pull you out of heaven and now... But you have to believe me - I love you and that hasn’t changed and...”

Suddenly, in a move that surprised even Willow, she had her arms around her best friend, the two of them both sobbing. Oh well, at least she’d made it easier for Buffy to kill her this way - less ground to cover and all. It was the least she could do.

But the embrace went on and Willow didn’t sense a weapon appearing or hands moving up to her throat or anything. Wow. Maybe she was going to live. Which would be pretty cool, especially if she and Buffy could be friends again. Oh, and as long as Willow could still ride off into the sunset (well, sunrise) with Angel.

“So, we’re all just supposed to be okay with this now? Because, hey, this is so not the same as my dating Cordelia.”

Great. Just great. Leave it to Xander to ruin the moment.

Willow was shocked when this time it wasn’t Angel who came riding to the rescue.

“Yeah, Xander, we are all supposed to be okay with this now. Or at least try to be.” Buffy gave Willow a watery attempt at a smile.

“Well excuse me if I am not dancing for joy at the idea of my best friend, my gay best friend, getting pelvic with the demon who still haunts my nightmares. Have we all just forgotten about Angelus? The murder, the mayhem, the dead fish?”

“Angel’s soul is anchored now, okay? Or have you just not been listening?” Willow was starting to get well past furious with her oldest friend. She could understand Buffy being upset by this, but Xander didn’t have any right to make such a big deal about Willow and Angel. If she could forgive him for dating...that really wonderful, kindhearted, caring seer, then he could put up with her vampire. And that was that.

“And it’s not like your girlfriend doesn’t have a past. Goddess, Anya was a vengeance demon long before Angel was even turned. She ruined more lives than Angelus ever dreamed of, and you know it. I can’t believe how juvenile and stupid and ridiculous you are when it comes to Angel.”

“I can.” Spike finally decided to contribute to the discussion. Was it wrong that Willow was almost glad he took the opportunity to insult Xander? At least it showed that good ol’ snarky Spike hadn’t been completely broken by Buffy’s actions. Now if only Buffy would just look at him or something. But she seemed to be making a concerted effort to look everywhere else instead.

Xander shot Spike what was supposed to be a death glare. It did not have the desired effect.

“What, moron? If you don’t want people to tell you what a twat you are, you should stop talking. Or go into hiding. That would work, too.”

And they’re off.

As entertaining as it looked to be, though, Willow decided she really didn’t want a fight to be her farewell memory of Sunnydale. Couldn’t they all just get along? At least for a little while? Willow had this Hallmark kind of fantasy forming, aided by the hug from Buffy, and she was gonna do her darnedest to at least get close to it.

“Look, guys. I know this is hard, this me and Angel thing, and that it’s been a shock, at least for most of you.” She glared at Anya, who so did not fit into her Hallmark fantasy right now. “But I’m leaving and we won’t be seeing each other tomorrow and I kinda want my last memories of Sunnydale...at least for awhile,” she amended after seeing the troubled look on Buffy’s face, “to be good ones, you know? The kind where we all hug and tell each other that we love each other and that, no matter what, we’re gonna be best buds forever and ever, at least until there’s an apocalypse we can’t actually stop.

“I know I didn’t start this off right and that trying to keep the truth from you guys was a bad thing and just made things worse. But it’s all out in the open now and you know that neither Angel nor I are evil or are ever going to be and...Buffy, you really do have Spike and it’s pretty obvious he loves you a whole lot or he would have left during the whole...well...you know and...I just think we should be thinking about the important things. Like that we’ve been friends for so long and faced so many dangers together and how we shouldn’t let anything ruin that.”

She stopped, waiting to see what the reaction would be. But not because she was out of breath. Because she wasn’t out of breath. How had she talked so long without stopping to breathe and not gotten winded? Oh goddess! She had her babble mojo back! She fought the urge to jump for joy. She also fought the urge to check and see if she could raise one eyebrow. She didn’t want to push it. After all, she was grateful for the babbling and it hardly behooved her to seem greedy.

Buffy looked thoughtful and, while she didn’t look at Spike, at least it appeared that she was thinking about Spike and that was a very good thing. Willow hoped they would find a way to make things work.

The next thing she knew, Spike was giving her an awkward, but heartfelt hug. “‘M gonna miss ya, Red. You know that ridiculous poof isn’t half good enough for you.” And what would a sentimental gesture from Spike be without a dig at Angel, who, to his credit, merely rolled his eyes. Xander could (and should) learn so much from him.

“Thanks, Spike.” She decided not to acknowledge the insult to the man she loved. “I’m going to miss you, too.”

Spike let her go and the next thing you know, she was being held again by a sobbing Buffy. “I can’t believe you’re leaving. I’m sorry I said...”

“It’s okay, Buffy. Really. I understand. We all say stuff sometimes and...well...”

“Yeah, Will, me, too.”

There was something about the kind of friends you didn’t even have to finish sentences with. Right now, she felt like all the coldness and the distance that had been there between her and Buffy since even before she’d died was gone and in its place was the warm, sisterly relationship they’d had years ago. And Willow was leaving. Oh, goddess - this really hurt.

They parted slowly, inch by inch, ‘til they were just standing there, looking at each other as if trying to commit it all to memory.

“I love you, Buffy.”

“I love you, too.”

She leaned back against Angel, drawing strength from him - the strength she would need to leave the nest and fly off to Los Angeles. Then she realized how that might affect Buffy and quickly inched away. She was touched to see Buffy putting a brave face on and acting as if she was fine with Willow touching her ex. Buffy was trying, and that meant the world to her.

Willow glanced meaningfully at Buffy, then over at Spike, and back, hinting broadly that her friend should see that the vamp in the hand was definitely worth more than a pipe dream in L.A. It would, of course, have worked better had she been able to do the one eyebrow thing, but she did the best she could and she hoped the metaphorical elbow to the ribs had the desired effect. If so, her work was finished.

There was awkward silence for a few moments. Xander was being a jerk and ignoring her, and Anya was yawning and sighing and looking at her watch, just this close to reminding everyone that she needed orgasms and she was ready to go home and get them. She couldn’t care less about anyone else. No change there.

It was time for Willow and Angel to leave.

“Well, we better hit the road if we wanna be back in L.A. before sunrise.” Angel took Willow’s hand and started to lead her towards the door.

Buffy grabbed her and hugged her again. “I’m gonna miss you so much. You’d better call me every day, okay?”

“Okay.” It was a good thing Willow never wore much makeup or she would have been a streaky mess with all the crying.

After a moment, Buffy let go and Willow and Angel set out for the door once again. She turned and looked back.

“Bye, Anya. I’ll send you a check for the stuff I borrowed.”

Anya snorted, but said nothing. Willow was grateful. It could have been much worse, and she had not expected the least bit of sentiment from Xander’s supposedly human fiancee.

“Bye, Xander.”

Nothing. Great. Well, at least there was one person she didn’t have to miss. Somehow, though, that thought did not make her heart hurt any less. It felt like she’d just discovered Xander had never been her friend at all.

She held onto Angel’s hand and they walked out the door.

Angel knew enough to be silent and Willow was so grateful. There was nothing he could say that wouldn’t make her collapse right now, and she really didn’t want to be a blubbering mess all the way back to her new home. She thought it would be better idea to have one big bout of hysterics after dealing with Cordelia. Sort of a misery combo platter.

“Willow.”

Xander?

She turned around, and there he was. She ran back to him and...more hugging and sobbing, just like with Buffy only it was Xander and it was special and it was her oldest friend forgiving her and saying he was going to learn to deal with Angel and that nothing could ever change the fact that they were best friends.

“I love you, Wills. I’m sorry I was...it’s just that...you know...it’s Deadboy and..”

“Xander.”

“Okay, yeah, maybe I should just quit while I’m ahead.”

“Yeah, I kinda think so.”

“I do love you, bud.”

“I love you, too, Xander. And hey, you’re always welcome to visit us, okay?” She could feel the look of horror on Angel’s face, but she knew he’d be okay with it. If not, she’d just have to make it up to him. Wonder how...?

And then it was over. Xander said goodbye and Willow said goodbye and Anya glared at them both from the doorway and the last thing Willow heard before she got into the car was Xander attempting to mollify his unsympathetic and demanding fiancee.

“An, she’s my best friend, okay?”

Willow giggled as she got into the car.

“I love you, Willow.”

“I love you, too.”

The car was started and they drove off. Willow smiled at Angel. Not only were they making it out of Sunnydale alive (well, one of them alive, the other undead), but she felt closer to her old friends than she had in so long.

Wow. She had the man she loved, the most adorable stepson ever, great friends...life was really wonderful.

And then she remembered...Cordelia. Oh, goddess. Couldn’t they have Wesley bring Connor to some love nest in Azusa or something?

“Angel? Are you absolutely sure we have to go to Los Angeles right now?”

“Willow, is this the Cordelia issue again? Because I think you’re really overreacting. Trust me, okay? She’s changed. And besides, Buffy accepted us, so Cordelia is bound to as well. I trusted you about Tara, and you were right. Do the same for me with Cordelia, because you’ll see...I’m right, too.”

“I guess you have a point there, it’s just...”

“You two have a history, I understand that. But everything’s going to be fine. I love you, you love me, that’s what matters. After all, Lorne says we’re destined, so...”

“Yeah I forgot about that. I mean, I think he would have warned us if there was a chance we’d wind up dead, or more dead, in your case. Right?”

Angel chuckled and Willow hated the fact that they were in a moving car right now. And there went the eyebrow. He reached over and ruffled her hair. “Why don’t you try and take a nap or something? I’ll wake you when we get there.”

Yeah, like she’d be able to sleep with the naughty thoughts she was having. But she closed her eyes and resolved to pretend, even though she wasn’t actually tired. Not really, anyway. It wasn’t like she’d really had that taxing a day, except that she had, and...

In no time at all, she was sound asleep, and there were x-rated dreams aplenty. At least this time she didn’t have to feel guilty.

Tbc...