Abigail and I 

 By JSR


THIS IS AN ADULT FANTASY


The author in no way believes that any man, woman, or child should be violated or abused. This story is written as adult entertainment, and should be read by only those over 18 years old. 

This story may contain some or all of the following: Nudity, Voyeurism, Exhibitionism, MF, Mf, Fm, inc. Rape, Oral. Group sex, bg, bbg, BBg, Gbb, MMF, Mff, MFF. 



My name is David, and I was 14 years old, when my family moved to a new town. The street that we moved to was about two blocks long, and in a neighborhood that had been settled by Dutch immigrants, who had fled Holland, just before Hitler invaded. For the most part, they were nice people. They welcomed us to the neighborhood, and we settled in nicely. Some of their broken English was a problem, but not so much with the kids, as most of them spoke very good English.

One family who lived across the street and 3 doors down from us, never, ever spoke to us.

It was summer time, and I became friends with a boy about my age, who lived a couple of doors down from us. One day he and I were shooting hoops in his driveway. He had a hoop over the big door to their garage, and the driveway was concrete. We had been at it for about an hour, when a girl I did not know stopped by and asked if his sister was home. He said, Yes, she is in the house.

The girl then went to the front door. When she had gone, I asked Bob, Who is that? I have not seen her around. His answer was, Thats Abigail. Her mom will not let her be around any of the kids except for Janice, my sister. They also send her to a private school, so that she does not become like most of the American kids.  

I asked, If she does not like Americans, why did they come here? It does not make much since to me. Bob answered, She was ok, until she found out that the Allies had bombed her home in Holland. She did not blame the Germans, but only the Americans.

I replied, I am sorry it happened, but we did not start that war. Abigail seemed to be a nice girl, and I would not mind getting to know her. Bob said, I agree with you, but you would have to be invisible for her to talk with you and not be seen by her mom. We continued shooting hoops for a while, then I went home.

That evening at supper time, I told mom and dad what I had learned about Abigail and her family. Mom said, I guess there is just a little more that you havent heard yet. It seems like she has an older sister, who married an American, without her parents permission, and she is determined not to let that happen to Abigail. They want to still live by the rules of the old country, and expect their daughters to do so as well.

A few days later, I went over to see if Bob wanted to shoot some hoops. He was just going into the garage when I got there. He just motioned for me to come in after him. Once in the garage, I saw that there were several kids there. Bob, Janice, Bill and his sister Karen and I also saw Abigail, then there was me.

I looked at Bob and said, What is going on? Did I miss something, I should not have? Bob said, This is Janices party, ask her.

Janice said, We are going to teach Abigail how to play Truth or Dare. I said, I have heard of the game, but I do not know how it is played either. Janice said. We sit in a circle, boy girl, boy girl, boy girl. I will start. I will ask some one Truth or Dare If that person says Truth, I ask a question. If they answer truthfully, they then ask the question to some one else. However, if they do not answer honestly, and some one can prove it, they must take all their clothing off for the rest of the game. If they say Dare, I dare them to do something, and if they dont, the same penalty is applied.

I was setting between Janice and Karen, so I was looking directly at Abigail. She kept her head down, but would occasionally look at me and quickly lower her head again. I thought I detected a smile when she did.

Janice said to Abigail, Truth or Dare? Abigail replied, Truth. Janice thought for a few seconds, and said, How old are you? Bob said, Pretty lame question! and Janice said, For her first time playing, and very first question, I wanted her to see that it is really easy to play.

Abigail answered, I will be 14 next week. Oh, a birthday girl. Do we get to spank you next week on your birthday? Abigail just smiled. Janice then said, Abigail, now you pick someone and ask them Truth or Dare.

Abigail said to Karen, Truth or Dare? Karen replied, Truth. Abigail then asked Karen, Do you have a boyfriend? to which Karen said, Yes. Karen then looked at me and said, David, none of us know much about you, and I can think up a lot of questions that should be answered. Truth or Dare?

I said, I am not very mysterious, so I will take a Dare. I could see Karen, switching gears, and then she finally said, I Dare you to kiss Abigail on the lips.

I stood up and walked over to Abigail, and took her hands and pulled her up to a standing position. I then kissed her. I had my lips slightly open and let my tongue play with her lips. She immediately opened her mouth and started using her tongue. It felt great, until Karen said, Ok, you two, it was not intended to become a make out session.

I walked over to Bob and whispered to him, Any limits on what we can give as a dare? He whispered back, She did not set any limits, so what ever you are thinking of, go for it.

Back in my spot, I turned to Janice and said, Truth or Dare? She answered, Dare. I thought for a minute, and said, Janice, I dare you to remove your blouse and bra, and let the guys kiss each of your nipples. Janice turned three shades of red, and looked at her brother. He said, You never set any limits on what a dare could be, so start removing your blouse and bra.

Once Janice had her blouse off, and was unfastening her bra, I was first in line. Once her bra was off, she looked at me and said, No touching with the hands. Mouth only. I smiled at her and put my lips on her left nipple, and sucked it into my mouth, all the while using my tongue to stimulate her nipple. Once it started getting excited, I switched to the other one.

Bob was next in line and while he was working on his sisters nipples, I whispered to Bill, Take your time, I have gotten her motor started, by the time Bob is done, she will be as horny as a two pecker-ed Billy Goat.

Abigail was watching, and was smiling. She looked beautiful. I think that she was really enjoying the sexy playing we were doing.

About the time that Bill had finished teasing Janices nipples, Abigail looked at her watch and said, I have to get going. Mom will be home soon and I had better be there looking like I am bored to death. I had a lot of fun. Bye now. She then left, and the game broke up. However, Janice was still nude to the waist, and seemed to be in no hurry to cover up. My guess is that she was probably about a 28B, and they were nicely proportioned.

Since I was now a 5th wheel, I decided to go home and read some more in my Si-Fi book. It was one of Isaac Asimovs Foundation Series. The other four tried to talk me into staying, but I kept saying no.

I was setting in a lounge chair on the back porch reading, when mom and dad came home from work. Mom asked me what I had been doing all day, and I gave them a very censored version of the game we had played, and told them that I had finally met the girl that was not allowed to talk to us. I just told them that she was very pretty, and seemed to be smart.

A couple of days later, I got up about 9am, had breakfast, and went to the back porch to read. While I was reading Abigail came by, and stopped to talk with me. She said that she was walking over to her aunts house, but she couldnt talk to me very long, as her mom would be checking up to see what time she got to her aunts house.

I said, I sure am glad that my parents trust me, and I am not tied to the house. I feel sorry for you. She said, Its not always that bad, like today. Once I check in at Aunt Hildas, I can do pretty much what I want, until it is time to go home again. Would you care to walk with me? Aunt Hilda would love to meet some of my friends.

I told her to give me a few minutes so I could get some better clothing on, as I did not want her aunt to see me in cutoff jeans and a t-shirt. Abigail said, No, come just as you are. I dont want you to be anything but yourself. You will see that Aunt Hilda would know that you had cleaned up just to impress her. She likes to see people the way they really are. Ok, I said, I just do not want to embarrass you.

As we were walking, she took hold of my hand, and said, David, I really liked playing that game the other day. I was very surprised when you dared Janice to take off her blouse and bra, and even more surprised that she did it. I thought that she looked very nice that way.

I said, I really surprised myself. I did not think that I had the guts to say what I did. However, I loved the surprised look not only on her face, but on yours as well. You seemed to light up the whole garage with your smile. I was really afraid that you would think badly of me when I did it. Your approval meant a lot to me.

She stopped and turned toward me, and said, I loved it when you had to kiss me. Will you please do it now?

I pulled her close and started french kissing her, and she responded in kind. While we were kissing, someone was clearing their throat, but I just ignored it. After a minute or two, two arms were shoved between us, and forced us to separate.

Abigail moved back and said, I should have known your voice, Aunt Hilda. This is the boy I have been telling you about. His name is David. David, this is my Aunt Hilda. She was my fathers baby sister. I got a strange look on my face and said, was? Abigail said, Yes, was, my father died a couple of years ago. That is one of the reasons that mom makes me stay so close. However she trusts Aunt Hilda to make me toe the line, but we have our own way of doing things, when mom is not around.

Hilda looked me over, and kissed me on the cheek, saying, Abby, I approve of him, at least for now. Lets go in and have some coffee and talk for a while. You do drink coffee, David? I said, Yes mam, I drink a lot of coffee, especially when I am studying. Davy, if I may call you that, I am not mam, you may call me Hilda, just as Abby does. You may also call her Abby, when not where her mom can hear it.

We sat and talked for about half an hour, then Hilda said, Lets go swimming. I replied, I do not have a bathing suit, and where would we swim, anyways? Hilda said, You do not need a bathing suit, and I have a pool in the back yard. It is fenced in so the neighborhood cannot see in. Abby and I swim there nude all the time, and so can you.

I must have gotten red in the face, or maybe all over, as Hilda said, You are old enough to know what a womans body looks like, and it is time for Abby to learn what a man looks like. In the old country, young people of your age would be starting to look for their life partners. While she was talking, both she and Abby were removing their clothing. Once Hilda was nude, she proceed to undress me. I was really embarrassed, and my whole body turned red. Hilda laughed and said, Maybe that will heat the water a little.

The three of us jumped into the pool, at the same time, making a lot of noise. After about a half an hour, Hilda climbed out of the pool, and laid on a lounge chair with her feet facing the pool. She laid there with her legs spread, and from the pool, I could see her pussy lips were slightly open.

I stood there in the pool, neck deep in the water looking at her. Suddenly I felt something grab my cock, and pull down on it. It caused me to fall over, and I saw Abby holding onto it. She put her finger up to her lips to indicate silence, and she pulled me to the shallow end of the pool and sat on one of the lower steps. She whispered in my ear, One of these days, I want that thing inside of me, but not for a while yet. She then took my hand and put it between her legs and put my thumb in a certain spot, and whispered, rub that spot lightly for a little while, and I will play with your cock and balls to make you feel good.

While we were playing with each other, Hilda got up and went into the house. About half an hour later, she yelled out the door, that she had lunch ready. We stood up in the pool, and I pulled Abby to me, and kissed her. When we started to get out of the pool, Abby said, I loved the way my nipples felt when you just kissed me. They rubbed on your chest and it felt so erotic.

We went in and had sandwiches, and a soft drink. Hilda asked me to tell about myself. Between bites, I gave a short history of my young life. Hilda said that I seem to have led an interesting life so far, to which I replied, Mostly school which is ok, but otherwise pretty boring.

After lunch, we went back out by the pool, and laid on the lounge chairs to get some sun. Abby and I had just laid down, when Hilda came out with some sun screen. She gave it to Abby and told her to put it on me. Once Abby had covered me, including my cock and balls, she said to me, Now it is your turn to put it on me and Hilda, and make sure you cover every part of us, like I did for you.

Hilda said, David, come and do me first. I went over to her and started putting the sun screen on her legs and rubbing it in. as I got near her crotch, she said, Dont be shy, put it all over me. As if to let me know it was ok, she took hold of my wrist and moved my hand to her pussy. She then said, One of these days I think I will have some one shave my pubic hair, is there any volunteers?

I got red in the face, and she said, You are so cute when you blush, and your whole body turns red. I continued to rub her pussy with the sun screen, to make sure I had it all covered, then I moved up to her torso. Again when I got near her tits, she said, Make sure you get under my tits, and all around them. The nipples will burn, so make sure they are protected.

Once I had her arms and neck done, Hilda said, Now go do Abby the same way. Make sure that you get every little crack and crevice covered. Once you have her front done, come back over here and I will roll over so you can do my back.

While I was doing Abbys front, I said to myself, Am I lucky or what, this is every boys dream, and I get to do two very beautiful girls. When I got to Abbys pussy, she widened her legs as far as she could, and as I was putting the oil on her, she took hold of my hand and made sure that I got some on her clit, and in her slot.

When I got to her tits, she whispered to me, Play with them a little if you want. Your hands feel so good on my skin. While I was massacring her tits, I leaned down and kissed her lips. When I broke the kiss, she sighed, contently, it was loud enough that Hilda looked over at us, and smiled. She seemed to be very pleased.

Once I had done both of the girls backs, I laid down and went to sleep. I was awaken by the sound of the telephone ringing. Hilda had an outside ringer, so that she could hear the phone in the yard. She went in and answered the phone. When she came back out, she said, Sorry to break this up, but that was your mom, Abby. She said that you should start back for home as soon as you can get dressed. She did not say why.

Hilda then turned to me and said, You can stay a while if you like. I asked her what time it was, and she said about 3:30. I said, I should be going, also, Mom and dad will be home shortly after we get back. I have enjoyed spending the time with you and Abby. Hilda then said, Come back whenever you want. I am almost always home during the day.

Walking home, Abby said, Aunt Hilda really likes you. I asked, What makes you say that? She answered, She has had boys over when I have been there before, but this is the first time we have swam nude, with a stranger there. Next she was very definitely letting you play with her pussy and tits, and I have never seen her do anything like that before. Lastly, she even let you play with me, and seemed to be enjoying watching you play with my body.

I said, I think that your aunt is a super person, and I did enjoy playing with her pussy and tits, but I enjoyed it more when I was playing with yours.

She stopped walking, and turned me toward her, and then she kissed me. She said, I enjoyed playing with you also, and I loved it when you kissed me knowing that Hilda could see you doing it.

At my house, I started kissing her, and she responded with equal passion. After a couple of minutes she broke the kiss and said, Let me cool down for a minute, and then I have to go. Must not let mom see me all excited, or she will suspect something. We talked for about 5 minutes, and then she left, making sure that she went in a direction so that her mom would not know she had been here.

I was still standing there watching her go, when mom and dad got home. Mom asked me, Why are you staring in that direction? I replied, without thinking, I was just watching my girl friend leaving.

Mom jumped on that statement rather quickly, and asked, When did you get a girlfriend, and who is it? Someone we know? I replied, Just today, and no, you have never met her. What is her name? asked mom. I was so shook up that I blurted out Abby.

Are you talking about Abigail? The girl across the street? mom asked. The cat was out of the bag, so I told mom and dad about the day, leaving out the part about swimming in the nude, and putting the sun tan oil on the two women. I then told them to please do not say anything to anyone. I do not want to get Abby in any kind of trouble with her mom.

Dad replied, Her mom should know about it. You should not keep it secret from her. I answered, Her Aunt Hilda, told me to keep it secret from Abbys mom. She said she would break the news to her when it was safe for Abby.

Dad thought for a moment and then he said, Son, be cool, and keep your pecker in your pants. We dont want her aunt to have to tell her mom that she is pregnant. I got red in the face again, and stammered, I would have to get to first base, before that can happen. Dad replied, DO NOT go beyond second base, and everything will be great.

I looked at both of them, and said, Thank You. Mon said, for what? I replied, for being supportive of me and being the best parents I could ever have. 

I did not see Abby for a few days, she just was not out and around. I went over to Bobs and we were shooting hoops, when Janice, Bill and Karen came around. Janice said, Lets all go in the garage, and we can play Truth or Dare again. I said, You guys can play without me. Equal numbers of boys and girls works better. Janice pleaded with me to stay, but I said, Maybe the postman has left my new book, and I want to get started reading it. Maybe next time I will stay.

At home, I brought in the mail, and my book was there. I put mom and dads mail where they want it, and started opening my package. I heard a knock on the back door, so I laid the book on the kitchen table, and went to see who was there.

Abby was standing in front of the back door. I opened it and pulled her inside. I immediately kissed her, and she kissed me back. My cock got as hard as a brick. After a couple minutes, I asked her, Why are you here? Where have you been, I have missed seeing you. She replied, I am here to see you. I have been out of town with mom. I have missed you also. I think that about covers your questions.

Where does your mom think you are? I asked. Abby answered, Aunt Hilda, and I are going to the mall, and then to a movie. Mom will not expect me back for quite a while. I will call Hilda, when I am ready to go home, and she will call mom and tell her that I am on my way. Mean while, you and I have the day to ourselves.

I said, I just received a new SiFi book in todays mail. I was going to read it, but now, I think we will do something else. Abby said, Why dont we read it together, and then I can learn about SF. If you want to do that, let me go get the first book in this series. Other wise you will loose a lot of the story, by not knowing what is being talked about. 

I went to the book case and got the book Foundation. I said to Abby, This is the first book in the series, and it sets the tone for the whole series. Abby said, Let me read it to you, and when I have a question, you can answer it. That way I will learn more about SF and how things progress.

Abby was a very good reader, and even managed to put the emphasis on a lot of the statements. She asked some very good questions, and said that she was enjoying the story, along with my comments.

We stopped long enough to make some sandwiches, for lunch, then she continued to read out loud to me. We were about half way through the book, when I noticed the time. I said to her, Abby, I think you should call Hilda. Mom and dad will be home in about an hour. She got a sad look on her face and said, I wish I did not have to go. I have not had this much fun reading, ever.

When Abby got hold of Hilda, she was told that she should NOT leave my house for at least half an hour, and should probably not leave in less than 45 minutes. Abby and I went out on the back porch and were kissing, when mom and dad drove in. 

I waited until mom and dad had gotten out of the car, before I stopped kissing her. I introduced Abby to them, and mom said, I hope you mom approves of my son. Abby said, She would not approve, even if he was GOD himself. So, she does not know. I hate to deceive her, but she left me no choice. Aunt Hilda, approves, and wants David to come to see her sometime, so they can talk, with out me there. Sometimes I wish she was my mom. It was nice to meet you, but I need to hurry home now, before mom gets riled up.

I waited a week, and then one morning, I walked over to Hildas house. I rang the bell and waited several minutes. I was just about to leave, when Hilda came to the door. When she saw it was me, she opened the door, and pulled me inside, and closed the door.

She said, David, that is the last time you will ever ring that door bell. You are family here, and family just opens the door and walks in. If the door is locked, I am not here.

As she led me through the house, I said, Abby told me that you wanted to talk to me, with out her around, so I came over to see what you wanted. By the time I finished saying that, we were in her bedroom. She then stripped off her clothing, and said, I hurried up and dressed when I heard the bell. Now I can be comfortable. You should undress also, and we will go out by the pool.

Once we were at the pool, in the lounge chairs, Hilda asked, David, I know how Abby feels about you, but I need to know how you feel about her. Bare in mind that I will not tell you what she has said, and I will not tell her what you tell me.

I replied, Just what do you want to know? What do you think of her as a person?, Is she your girlfriend?, These are the types of things I need to know. I am going out on a limb, to help her, but I want it to be the right person for her, Know what I mean?

She is a wonderful person, she is bright, and seems to like many of the same things that I do. I do consider her my girlfriend, and I think that she considers me to be her boyfriend. I cannot tell the future, but my guess is that given a chance, we will be together for a long long time.

Hilda said, Now for the really difficult questions. First, what do you know about sex?, and there is no reason for you to be blushing.

My reply was, I know the basics, but have never had any practice. Is that what you were looking for? Yes, that is exactly the answer I was looking for. Now for one even more personal, Are you willing to let an older lady teach you how to pleasure your girlfriend?

Hilda, are you asking me if I would let you teach me sex? Did I even mention myself? she asked. No, but you are here with me and both of us are naked. You have already let me play with you and Abbys pussys, and tits. It stands to reason that you would be volunteering to be the teacher.

Well, that proves that Abby is right, you are very smart, and intelligent. To answer your question, Yes, not today, but if you want, I will teach you so that when the time comes, you will know how to make her really happy, and how to give her great orgasms. It will take several sessions over a period of several weeks, and you must NOT LET ANYONE know what we do. You must agree to that, and it means even Abby must not know either.

I replied, I dont know of any kid my age that would turn down that offer, and especially with such a beautiful woman. Hilda replied, You are not a Kid anymore, you are a young man, and I thank you for the compliment. Is there a day of the week, between now and the time school starts, that is best for you?

I thought for a moment, and said Wednesdays would be good. Hilda said, Ok, since this is Monday, we can start this week. I want you here by 8:30 every Wed. morning, until school starts. Can you make it that early? Mom and dad are usually gone by 6:30, so I can easily be here by 8:30. If I rode my bicycle, I could make it by 7:30. Hilda answered, No, 8:30 is better for me, and if you ride your bicycle, it will let people know that I have a visitor, which we dont want. When you get here, come right in, and lock the door behind you. That way if someone comes, they will think I am out.

I guess that makes since, I said. Is there anything I need to bring with me? Just that lovely cock and body, is all you will need. she answered. She then said, I love it when you blush, your whole body turns red, even your cock. We will spend most of the time out here by the pool, like we are now.

I said, If there is nothing else, I should be going, I have some things to get done before mom and dad get home, and it will take me a while. I started to get up, and Hilda said, Just relax for a minute or two. I will be right back. She then went into the house.

Hilda returned a few minutes later, carrying my clothing. She smiled and said, Now you can stay a few minutes longer. Get dressed, and then I will continue.

Once I was dressed, Hilda said, For the next few minutes, I want you to pretend that I am Abby. I want you to act with me just as you would with her. That way, I will have a better idea as to what to teach first. Is that all right with you?

I stood there for a few seconds, and then I grabbed Hilda and started french kissing her. I made sure that I got a good feel of her tits on my chest. I broke our kiss and said, Abby, I hate to go, I could kiss you like this all day, but I do have some responsibilities to take care of. I then took hold of her again and kept kissing her as we moved toward the door. At the door, Hilda broke the kiss, and moved away from me a few inches. She then said, Well we can skip teaching you to kiss. I see why Abby likes to kiss you. I could take that all day myself. Now go before I keep you here all afternoon.

On Wednesday morning, I made sure I was at Hildas at 0830. I closed and locked the door after I entered her house. I immediately went to her room to take off my clothing. She was not there, but I was sure she was at the pool, waiting for me, so I went there.

As I entered the back yard, I saw Hilda, lying on a sheet, in the center of the yard. She motioned me over, and said, This will be our class room for most of your lessons. I would rather not have the sheet, but we do not want grass stains over our bodies.

I went over to her, laid down beside her and said, Abby, what are you going to teach me today? Hilda replied, Very good. Pretending I am Abby teaching you, will help you by putting you in the correct frame of mind. I am going to give you blow jobs, today. This will give you some experience with them, and you can teach it to Abby, if things get to intense. That way you will have a safe way to get some relief, and not experience blue balls.

I replied, I have heard that expression, but I am not sure just what it means. She answered, When a man/boy gets sexually excited, and gets a hard on. If it is not taken care of, in a timely manner, his balls start hurting. Most boys/men will then masturbate, to relieve the stress. However, if a girl/woman is available, and one who knows how to give blow jobs, it will safely take care of the problem, without them having intercourse.

So you are telling me that a blow job, is a substitute for fucking? I said. In plain language, yes it is. However it can be almost as satisfying as intercourse if done correctly. She then proceeded to tell me what to watch for so I could direct Abby when the time came. Between then and 1230, she gave me 3 blow jobs, and they really felt great.

Before I left, she made sure to mention that I could not tell anyone what we were doing, including Abby. As I was going out the door, she said, I hope to see you and Abby before I see you next Wednesday. I smiled at her and shook my head, yes.

All the way home I kept thinking about the BJs that Hilda had given me. I could really see that they felt much better than me jacking off.  To bad I could not have Abby give me one every time I saw her, but that would be out of line.

In the weeks that followed, Hilda taught me how to give her an orgasm, by playing with her tits. Then she taught me to play with her clitoris, and how to eat pussy, to an orgasm. Then just before school started, she said, David, this Saturday, I want you to take me to a movie. I asked her why, and she replied, so that you can demonstrate that you really know what I have been teaching you. It will be a real date, and I want you to show me how much you have learned. Be aware, that if you go to fast, or to clumsy, I will get upset, like a young girl might be. Then you will have to start all over again to get me back in the right frame of mind. I said, Kind of like a final exam, then. She replied, Exactly, except that you will have a second chance, to do it right.

Saturday, I told mom and dad, that I would be going to a friends house. I would be late getting home, and if it was to late, I would stay there overnight. They said, Ok, and I dressed like it was just an ordinary evening. I then walked over to Hildas house.

The door was locked, but I knew that she was expecting me, so I waited for a few minutes. I was about to leave, when a BMW convert. Pulled up in front of the house. Hilda was driving, so I got in. When she pulled away from the curb, she said, I thought I would be back before you got here. Did you wait long?

I replied, Only about 5 minutes. This is a beautiful car. Wow, I never expected to ride in one of these. She said, Well, not many people know that I own this. I keep it in a garage a couple of blocks from here. Even Abby does not know that I have it.

Hilda drove us to a small town about 20 miles from ours. For such a small town, they had a theater complex with five screens. We picked a film that neither one of us was particularly interested in. We went in, and found seats in the center of the back row. When the film started, there were about half a dozen teen age kids in the front row, but the rest of the seating was empty.

Once the lights had dimmed, and the picture had started, I put my arm around Hilda, and drew her close to me. I kissed her lips, and started unbuttoning her blouse. Once it was open, I pulled it aside so that her bra was showing. Then I reached into the top of each cup, and pulled her breasts out. At that point, I started kissing her nipples and gently pulling on them, while I rolled them between my forefinger and my thumb. A few minutes later, it appeared that her body was trembling all over.


I reached down and unzipped her skirt. I then pulled it away from her front. Then I reached into the top of her panties, and started playing with her clitoris. I could feel her wetness as I stuck a finger into her slit. As it approached her birth canal, it was apparent that she had at least one or more orgasms, with my playing with her tits, and she was now having another as I played with her clitoris.

I took my index finger and put it inside her pussy, feeling around, trying to find the g spot that she had told me about. The way she was squirming, I am not sure if I found it or not.

She had another orgasm, and said, Honey, you just got an A++ on your final exam. Now I think I should go to the ladies room, and clean up some before a crowd gets in there. Wait about 5 minutes, and I will meet you by the front door. She then buttoned her blouse, and I pulled the zipper on her skirt up. Five minutes after she left, I got up and went into the lobby to wait for her.

She came out of the rest room, just as one of the other movies let out. She was next to me when some guy grabbed her arm and said in a loud voice, Sandra, I have the money now. She looked at him and said, Let go of me, and I am not Sandra. He looked at her with a wild expression on his face, and said, Listen you little fucking whore, At that moment, I dont know where it came from, but my fist hit him in the jaw, and he fell to the floor. Hilda took hold of me and almost dragged me out the door. We ran to the car and left before anyone could see where we went.

Hilda was crying, and would not answer my questions. About halfway back to our town, she stopped in a small roadside park, and sat there crying for about 10 more minutes. When she stopped, she said, I guess I owe you an explanation. I replied, No, you dont OWE me an explanation, but I would like to know what was going on.

She said, I will tell you the honest truth, but promise me that you will not tell Abby. I replied, I wont tell her, if you dont want me to. However, if it is important enough, you should tell her yourself.

Hilda said, I am not that much older than she is, so we (the family) have withheld some things that happened in Holland, from her. First off when the Germans got there when I was 16 years old. They decreed that at 16, all girls had to register with the local commandant. Then if they were pretty, they were assigned to service the officers. The others were then given to the enlisted men for their amusement. I was made the bedroom girl for a captain, who was a fat pig.

It was my duty to be ready to fuck him at any time he wanted it, and he did not use any condoms. One day he was talking to me, and asked me about my boyfriend in school. I made the mistake of telling him the name of the boy I liked. It happened to be a Jew. When I told him the boys name, he immediately sent me to what he called retraining. It was nothing more than teaching me sex positions, and some very sick other things. The training lasted about 3 weeks, and I was fucked every night by at least two enlisted men.

Once the school was over, I was taken home and my family was told that it was mandatory that any German soldier who wanted, was to sleep with me, and if I got pregnant, the baby would be sent back to Germany. Then I was to get pregnant again. My first baby was born, and sent to Germany. However, before I got pregnant again, we managed to escape. We have always told Abby that we escaped before the Germans got there. 

Once in this country, I had no skills, so Dad became my manager, and I started whoring. Once we had saved a little money, I started looking for nicer people. I became a Call Girl. Once we had worn out our welcome in that city, we came here, but when the opportunity for me to make a lot of money came, I went back to being a Call Girl, but at extremely high prices. Currently, I am the most expensive fuck in the state.

The man at the theater, was one who bought my services, but did not have the money. Dad threatened to kill him, and told him that if he ever tried to come near me again, he had better have the cash on him. This is the first time I have seen him since then.

So far, Abby has not questioned how I can have such a nice house, and come and go as I please without any visible means of support. As of right now, I promise you that I have quit for good. I have enough money so I never have to work again. Please dont hate me, and dont tell Abby. Now I will take you home. You will still be welcome in my house, but some things will change, but I dont know just what at this point.

I replied, Hilda, I am sorry for what has happened to you. I will not judge you, because I have not lived through those kind of things. I do think that you are wrong in not letting Abby know what happened to you. Now, dont take me to my house, but to yours. I think that you need to have some company tonight, and I will try to help you as much as I can.

Hilda never said a word, but leaned over and kissed me on the cheek, and then drove out of the little park. We never stopped, until we reached her home. There, she gave me the key to the house and said, I will take the car to the garage, and be right back. I replied, Hilda, I am not leaving your side, tonight. I will go with you to the garage, and walk back with you. She got a weak smile on her face, and nodded her head.

When we entered her house, I noted that it was still a little early, so I called home. I told dad that I had stopped by to see Hilda on the way home, and that she was having a problem. I said that I would stay with her until morning and then call Abby to take over. He said, I dont know what the problem is, but if your mom or I can help, let us know. In the mean time as I told you before, KEEP YOUR PECKER IN YOUR PANTS. See you in the morning.

We both sleep nude, and I put my arm around her and pulled her close to me. I awoke a couple of times during the night, and she was still curled up next to me. The third time I awoke, I went to the bathroom, and saw a straight razor lying on the sink. I shook my head, and muttered, I hope she changed her mind.

When I awoke in the morning, Hilda was still curled up next to me, with her arm over my shoulders. I started to move to get out from under her arm, when she said, David, Thank you for taking care of me last night. If it wasnt for you, I might have done something bad.

I replied, If you really wanted to do it, you could have use the razor that you got out after I went to sleep. She asked, How do you know about that, I put it away a while ago. I replied, I saw it when I went to take a piss early this morning. I have been watching for those things, but decided that if you really wanted to commit suicide, there was no way I could really stop you.

But, you did, She replied. I know that you went with me last night to put the car away, as you had guessed what I was going to do. Then, when I got the razor out, I was going to wait until after you were gone from here, however I decided that I could not put Abby through your trial.

My Trial? For what? She replied, You would have been the prime suspect in my murder, as you and I were seen together last night, and you spent the night here. They would probably say that you had killed me for some reason, and Abby would be lost without you. I could not do that to her, or you.

I said, Sandra, do you trust me enough to do something that I know you do not want to do? You called me Sandra, does that mean that you want me to tell Abby about it? I replied, Not only Abby, but her mom, and my parents. It is time to let you heal, and that can only be done by letting these people know the truth. She replied, It will be hard for me to do, but I will do it for you and Abbys sake. Call your parents and see if they can be here by 1000. Then I will call Abby and her mom.

Once everyone was there, Hilda said, This meeting was called at Davids request. I will say a few words, and then turn it over to him. First, Marguerite, David is Abigails boy friend. He has insisted that you be told that. I have allowed them to meet here, but only when I was here. There has been no improper things happening, between them. Now David, you are up.

I said, First of all, Marguerite, what do you want me to call you? She replied, I guess my name is fine. Marguerite, I have always wanted for you to know of our relationship, but for whatever reason, I was told not to let you know, by both Abigail, and Aunt Hilda. My parents also said I should let you know, and now you do. I hope you approve, because I really like her a lot. Now for all of you. Something happened last night that made me aware of certain facts, that all of you should know. First, Aunt Hilda wanted to talk to me, privately, and we went to a movie, where we could sit and talk without interruption.

When we were leaving the theater, a man grabbed her arm and yelled Sandra, I have the money now. She shook his hand off of her arm and said, I am not Sandra He then said please excuse my language, Listen you little fucking whore Without even thinking, I threw a punch to his jaw, and he went down to the floor. We then hurried out and left. When she had calmed down a little, Aunt Hilda told me a story, and I want her to tell the four of you. Marguerite, you probably know most of it, but still you should hear it again. Aunt Hilda, your turn in the barrel.

Hilda told them the story almost word for word as she had told it to me the night before. Once she was done, she said very quietly, If it had not been for David, this morning the police would have been looking for my next of kin. Twice last night he kept me alive, with no more than his presence. One thing he told me was that I should not be ashamed of what happened to me, but should remember that things in war time have to be done that maybe we hate, but have to do anyway.

Marguerite stood up and hugged Hilda, and said, Yes I knew most of that story. I have always felt sorry for you, and maybe that is why I let you be so close to Abby. And yes I know that everyone but me calls her Abby. It is all right. Young man, I want to thank you for what you have done for Hilda, and also for helping my daughter to become a good American.  You are welcome in our home at any time, and she can see you anytime she is not at school, or have other duties. Your parents are also welcome in our home. You have made me see that Bombing our home was probably the best thing that you could do to defeat Germany. Thank you for that.

Four years later, Abby and I got married. Hilda gave her home to us for a wedding present, and she moved back with Marguerite (she kept the BMW).


Comments and Suggestions are always welcome:

storytellerxxx5@gmail.com
