Discovering Kara Pt. 04: Spa Day
by the_ontarian

Will accepts a mysterious appointment at a local spa.

Part 1

Monday, 1:14pm

Another day, another dollar. Going through the motions at work. Trying to focus on what needed to be done but finding myself distracted. My mind continually wandered, curious to know if and when I'd hear from Kara. Not to mention an embarrassing amount of masturbation - thinking about our adventures never failed to make me hard and I would get off on watching that first video she'd made for me, or by recalling how we'd ended our night out. I couldn't help but wonder how 'involved' her friend Jenny was with her escapades.

The weekend had come and gone without any contact from Kara. I had messaged her - nothing more than "hey" - but didn't get a response. I was tempted to try my luck with my new friend Jenny but didn't want to get greedy and fuck things up entirely so I abstained. I reminded myself that some days had passed between our first two encounters. Kara was clearly in charge of the ifs, whens and hows of whatever was going to happen - I just had to stay patient and enjoy the ride.

I'd just finished up lunch and returned to my desk. Three new emails. The first was some junk that hadn't been caught by the spam filter. Deleted. The second was from a client asking for clarification on something we'd discussed earlier in the day. I replied. The third had a subject of "Appointment Confirmation". I couldn't remember having booked anything so I opened it. It read:

Hello, William Milburn. Thank you for booking with Thalea Spa. Your service is booked for: Tuesday, October 16th at 8:40pm. If you need to cancel or reschedule your appointment, please call us as soon as possible.

Spa? Service? It didn't feel like a scam. The email used my full name, and a quick search turned up what seemed to be a legit spa in my town (massages, hair removal, mani/pedis, etc.), complete with very favourable reviews on their Google listing. The listing indicated that they're open until 9:00pm, which could explain the odd 8:40pm appointment time. And October 16th? That's tomorrow. But I hadn't booked anything at a spa, that's for sure. I picked up my phone and dialled their number to investigate.

"Thank you for calling Thalea, how can I help you?"

"Hi there. Just calling to confirm my appointment - name is William Milburn."

"Happy to check that for you, just one moment please.... ah, here we are. Yes, you're scheduled for tomorrow at 8:40pm."

"OK, thanks. Remind me - when did I book that appointment?"

"Sure, one more moment... oh, that's odd. Usually that information is available to our staff, but it looks like the booking date is blank here. I can tell you that it was booked internally instead of through our website. Maybe you called and booked over the phone, or stopped by to book in person?"

I ignored the question.

"Can you tell me what service I'm booked for?"

I heard more hurried typing.

"Huh. That's blank as well. Sorry about that, I guess our system is acting up. Did you need to cancel?"

Kara. This had to be Kara's doing, right? What was she up to now? I was eager to find out.

"No, I'll be there. Have a great day."

"And you as well, sir. Thanks for calling."

I picked up my phone and messaged Kara.

Me: The spa... is this you?

I went back to work and hopefully awaited a reply. None came.

Part 2

Tuesday, 8:13pm

The day had been arduous to say the least. Nothing troublesome, just arduous. All I could think of was getting to my mysterious appointment. And finally, it was time. As I hit the road I was struck by how nervous I was. At least last time Kara had given me a heads-up of what to expect by messaging me - plus she'd gone on to give me remote control of her vibrator, so I felt then like I had a handle on the situation. But now? I didn't know what to expect. She'd given me nothing.

I pulled into the plaza that housed the spa and parked a few rows from their door. I was a good 10 minutes early so I sat in the car, playing on my phone and steeling my nerves. I stepped inside to find an impeccably-designed lobby. Bespoke furniture, trendy lighting and a brushed metal sign on the wall behind the desk. Another client was finishing up her business at the desk, so I stood off to the side to await my turn. The woman wrapped up her payment, gave me a smile as she walked past, and I could see the receptionist for the first time.

It was Jenny. She looked cute in her uniform.

I froze, a rush of heat rolled through me and my heart rate jumped. She had to know I was here. But she didn't acknowledge me in any way, instead typing away at her keyboard with her eyes locked to the screen. I was literally the only person in the lobby and was being roundly ignored - all part of her and Kara's game, I suppose? I moved to the desk, standing silently in front of Jenny for a good 10 seconds. She ignored me. Finally, I spoke.

"Hi."

She looked up at me with the perfect customer service smile.

"Good evening, sir. How can I help you?"

OK, I could play along with this.

"I'm here for my 8:40 appointment. Last name is Milburn."

"Alright, Mr. Milburn. Let's get you all set up. Is this your first time here?"

"Yes."

"Well, welcome to Thalea. Do you have any questions about the service you have booked?"

"Yes, actually. I've forgotten which service I actually booked for. Sorry, I know that must sound strange."

"No problem at all. You're booked for a waxing tonight."

She looked me dead in the eyes but with a totally passive expression. I, on the other hand, must've looked like a deer in the headlights. Waxing? I wasn't sure that I wanted any part of my body waxed, but was certainly willing to let this play out. She turned back to her computer, telling me "have a seat, we'll let you know when when you can head back." I sat in one of the chic-looking but very uncomfortable chairs and pulled out my phone. The girls (well, Jenny at least) were toying with me. I could play that game, too. I had Jenny's Telegram info from when she sent me that picture of her sitting in her car with one breast exposed - but I'd not been bold enough to message her, for fear of upsetting Kara. But if they were going to play with me, it was only fair that I did the same, right? I drafted a message to her, attached my new favourite video - Kara cumming while in the washroom at Sunrise Coffee - and sent it.

A split second later, I heard her phone ding from behind her desk. I watched as she picked it up. Even though she'd have seen my username on the message, she didn't look my way. A few taps later and she was watching the video (thankfully her phone was muted). I laughed inwardly as the expression on her face changed, initial shock giving way to a smirk. When the video was over, she started typing. My phone dinged. It was a message from jennyvieve

Jenny: Naughty boy. I bet you've jerked off to this video SOOOO many times

I didn't look up at her. As I was contemplating a reply, two women came out of the hallway. One approached the desk and made small talk with Jenny while she settled up her bill. The other, of course, was Kara. Like Jenny, she sported a uniform - and like Jenny, she ignored my presence. She went behind the desk and looked over Jenny's shoulder at the monitor. "I believe that was the last appointment for the day?" she asked.

"Well, there is one more appointment. But no one else is coming in, so we can lock up now," answered Jenny. Kara walked to the front door, engaged the lock and rolled down the shades.

"Oh, this guy here?"asked Kara playfully and gesturing towards me.

"Yeah, that guy there," replied Jenny.

"Well then, let's get started." And at that, she unfastened her top and threw it aside, followed by her bottoms. No underwear. She stood before me, totally nude. I think I stopped breathing, a combination of surprise and being taken by her beauty. Yes, I'd seen her naked before but that was only in videos - this was the first time I'd seen her au naturel in-person. She was escalating things.

Kara was obviously enjoying showing herself to me, standing with her hip cocked and a megawatt smile on her face. I was so fixed on her that I didn't notice Jenny remove her uniform until she was standing beside Kara, similarly naked and similarly stunning. She put her hand around Kara's waist and pressed up against her body. Her nipples were erect, as was my cock.

"Ready, K?" asked Jenny.

"Ready, J. Let's go!". They turned and walked down the hallway hand-in-hand. I followed like an eager puppy, my stiff cock pushing against my jeans. They turned into the last room - it was equipped with an adjustable body-length table, a chair, a rack equipped with an assortment of tools of the trade, shelves with a variety of neatly-folded towels, and a sink.

"Please, William, have a seat. May I call you William, Mr. Milburn?". Jenny was enjoying her role of naked customer service rep.

"Honestly, you can call me whatever you want. That goes for both of you."

They giggled in tandem. "He's quite the charmer, isn't he, Kara?"

"It appears that way, Jenny! How about I call him... lucky boy?"

"Ooh, I like that. I think he is indeed a lucky boy. Don't you think so, lucky boy?"

This was fun. Bantering with two wildly attractive (and naked... let's not forget naked) women, each with a mischievous glint in their eye. I replied, "maybe? Don't lucky boys need to, y'know... get lucky?". I smiled and raised my eyebrows questioningly.

Jenny and Kara looked at each other and shrugged. "Maybe they do," said Kara. I felt like my dick was going to burst through its denim prison. They locked eyes with me, and me with them but no further comment was made.

"Well then," said Jenny. "This is supposed to be a waxing appointment, but we always like to give the option of shaving instead. Some people prefer it. It's gentler, and - if I'm being totally honest - a lot sexier. Right, K?"

"Right, J."

"So, lucky boy - wax, or shave?"

I knew which option would get their hands closest to my bare cock. "Well, I'll always go with the sexier of two choices. Shave, please."

"OK, that's decided. Next step is to get naked. Off with your clothes!"

Something about being in the room with Kara imbued me with more confidence than I had during our previous virtual encounters. She'd invited me here. I was here because she wanted me here. She was standing naked before me, and was asking me to do the same. I obliged, casting my clothes aside. My cock was relieved to be free and standing proud of my body. The girls looked me over appraisingly.

"This is certainly better in real life than it is on a phone, isn't it?" asked Jenny. Kara and I both murmured our assent. "I think it's time for a nice, close shave." I moved towards the table.

"Uh, what are you doing, lucky boy?" asked Kara. Jenny giggled.

"Don't I need to be on the table?" I replied.

"Oh, J - I think this lucky boy has misunderstood what's going on here."

"I think you're right, K."

I looked at them inquisitively.

Kara put her arm around her friend's waist. "We're the ones getting shaved, silly! Y'know, by each other? You get to watch though, you lucky boy." Immediately, two emotions were battling inside of me: one of disappointment, knowing that they weren't going to be handling my cock and the other of intense arousal, knowing that I'd see them touching each other's pussies.

"Oh, J, he looks stunned. I think we broke him."

Kara laughed. "Alright lucky boy, have a seat and enjoy the show."

"And feel free to take care of that cock while you're watching," said Jenny with a wink. Kara rolled her eyes.

"No filter on this one. But it is fun to watch you cum, though. I will say that much."

If there were ever a time where I thought I might orgasm without even touching myself, this was it. I sat in the chair but resisted touching myself. "So, lucky - who do you want to see get shaved first?"

"Jenny."

Kara put on an exaggerated pout, turned to Jenny and said "OK, but I get to go first in the other thing."

"Fair enough," replied Jenny.

"Other thing?" I asked. My query went unanswered.

Jenny hopped up on the table. I would assume that during a "proper" hair removal session that she'd lie with her whole body on the table, but here she scooched closer to the end and spread her legs wide, feet hanging over the sides. This was wholly to allow me to see her pussy that much better, I was sure. She definitely didn't have much hair to remove - but I suspected that a genuine need for a shave wasn't much of a factor here. Kara filled the sink with warm water, and pulled a razor and shaving foam from the cabinet below.

Jenny was gently teasing her nipples. Kara, seeing thus, told her "careful, J - don't get too worked up quite yet. Hard for me to do a good job down there when you're squirmy."

"OK, honey. You're right." She reluctantly placed her hands at her sides. Kara stood beside her, still facing towards me. She grabbed the shaving foam and squeezed a generous amount onto her palm. She clearly wanted me to have a good view of Jenny's pussy, so she stayed beside her and reached over her body to gently apply the foam. It looked a little awkward for her, but I appreciated the extra effort to keep my view unobstructed - this was all about me watching them, after all, right? Jenny moaned softly. Picking up the razor, Kara leaned over and began slowly working her way through what small amount of hair there was. I noticed that she let her free hand lay upon Jenny's belly. All the while I was stroking myself, timing my movements to that of Kara's razor. I loved watching Jenny's pussy re-appear as the foam was cleared away. I was so focused on watching Jenny's pussy that I hadn't noticed that she was watching me intently as I stroked. Kara dampened a small towel under some warm water and used it to wipe away the remaining foam. She inspected her handiwork and looked back at me.

"How did I do?"

"Amazing. Couldn't do it better myself. Although I'd like to try one day."

They both laughed. "Alright, J. Switch!". Jenny hopped off the table. Kara took her place and settled into the same obscene position that her friend had. She had less hair than Jenny, even, and her pussy was noticeably glistening.

Jenny picked up a fresh towel and dabbed away Kara's wetness. She went on to perform the same delicate yet efficient shaving routine as Kara - clearly, they were trained professionals. I maintained a steady rhythm on my dick, slowing when I felt the inevitable start to build. I felt like there was more to come - the aforementioned 'other thing' - and I didn't want to blow my load too early.

Jenny finished up, did a little hand wave in front of Kara's newly bald cunt and said "ta-dah!". I gave a polite golf clap. "Oh, look, K! He hasn't cum yet - what a good boy. Maybe he needs to see something a little more exciting in order to get off. What do you think?"

"Hmm, maybe?" said Kara. "I mean, he just watched two girls shave each other live and in person. If that didn't do it, I wonder what it will take?"

"Well, there is that other thing."

"Of course! J, you're so smart." Kara batted her eyelashes playfully at Jenny. "Alright, lucky boy. Close your eyes until I tell you to open them." I obeyed. I heard a drawer open and close, some general rustling around and some indecipherable whispering and a few giggles. I wanted to peek so badly but knew the payoff would be worth it so I resisted. Finally, Kara told me "OK. You can look."

Kara had changed her position on the table. Now, she was facing me and resting on all fours. She looked like she was ready to get fucked from behind - and that's where Jenny was, brandishing a dildo. Jenny looked at me and said, "she looks like she wants to get fucked, don't you think?"

I nodded while running my finger up and down the length my cock.

"Do you want Will to watch you get fucked, sweetie?"

Kara nodded.

"Tell him, then."

Kara looked at me. "Watch me get fucked. Please." Her voice was husky, her arousal evident.

Jenny beckoned me to join her behind Kara. She leaned in and whispered into my ear, saying, "just make sure to let me know when you're close to cumming, ok?" I grunted in agreement. Jenny pressed the head of the dildo against Kara's pussy and slowly slid it in to its full depth. Kara let out a long, deep moan as it entered her. This was hands-down the most erotic thing I'd ever been a part of and I was fighting the urge to stroke faster. Jenny gradually picked up the pace, fucking Kara faster and faster. It was a miracle that I hadn't busted yet, but the sight of the toy sliding in and out of Kara's tight little cunt was pushing me toward the edge. I increased my pace as Kara's moans became louder and more urgent. I was getting closer and closer to orgasm.

"Does it turn you on, K? Knowing that he's watching me fuck you?" Kara muttered something. "I bet you'll cum when he does." Kara balanced on her forearm, reached under herself and began working her clit. Jenny fucked her harder, faster. The sight of her pussy lips grasping at the toy was hypnotic. She turned to me without breaking her rhythm. "We can't wait to see you cum. Tell me when."

I looked into her blazing eyes. "I'm close."

"Get in front of her. Now."

I moved in front of Kara, keeping a respectful distance.

"Closer," said Jenny. Kara was watching me. I tilted my head, silently asking her if this was what she wanted. Her eyes were glazed over and she seemed to be looking through me as she panted. She managed a nod. I took a step forward, my hand still working my cock.

Now it was Kara who spoke. "Closer." I took another step. My cock was inches from her face. Her mouth was hanging open as she gasped for air, her arousal reaching it's peak. I wanted nothing more than to slide my cock between her lips.

Jenny slowed her pace. Kara whimpered in protest. "Where do you want it, K?"

"Face. Please, on my face."

"Good girl." Jenny resumed her ministrations, redoubling her efforts. She looked to me and said "I want to see you come on her face."

I climaxed. The first blast hit Kara below her left eye. The second left a stripe reaching from the bridge of her nose to her cheek. She came as I coated her, her body trembling and buckling as she struggled to support herself, her hands gripping the edges of the table. Jenny moved beside me to watch the show. She'd abandoned the toy inside Kara and had moved a hand between her legs. The sheer eroticism and physical pleasure of the moment was overwhelming and I felt like I was going to pass out. I continued emptying onto Kara's beautiful face, laying a messy web of cum over her features. I don't think I'd ever cum so much or so hard before. My knees were weak as I finished. Kara's body soon relaxed, her moans gave way to a satisfied sigh, and she flopped onto her side. She pulled the dildo out and dropped it at the foot of the table. She looked up at me, her face painted. She smiled.

"Say cheese, honey." Jenny had grabbed her phone and snapped a photo of Kara. "I'd say you were a lucky boy tonight, wouldn't you?", asked Jenny.

"Oh, I certainly would," I replied. I tried not to sound too goofily enthusiastic about the whole situation.

"Y'know, we're not really into girls. We're just into each other. Right, K?"

"Right. Oh! And boys - we're into boys, too." Giggle.

Jenny tossed me her phone, saying "why not take some pictures of us, hmm?" She reached out to Kara, using a finger to gather some of my cum from her cheek and smeared it across her lips. She leaned in and kissed her. It was gentle at first, but their combined passion escalated and the kiss intensified. Cum frothed between their lips which soon parted, allowing their tongues to play freely. I documented it all. Jenny pulled away and looked at me. Some of my cum had transferred to her face, notably a smear around her mouth. Kara hopped off the table and stood next to Jenny. They held hands and struck a pose. I continue snapping photos, zooming in on their messy faces.

"He made quite a mess of you, didn't he K?"

"Yup. Looks like you've got a little on your face now too, J."

"I know."

Kara laughed. "Insatiable, this one. Good thing she's got a good man at home who can keep up with her. Otherwise, it'd be 'lock up your husbands, ladies.'"

"Oh, c'mon. I'm not that much of a slut. Let's not give Will a bad impression of me."

I intervened. In a deadpan tone, I said, "that would be impossible. I can tell that you are a lady of the highest society. You just like kissing cum off of your friend's face is all." Then I winked. Both girls laughed.

"Alright. My turn," said Jenny. She took her phone back from me and tossed it onto the table before picking up the dildo and sitting in the chair. She hooked a leg over the arm to ensure that Kara and I had a good view of her dewy, freshly-shaven twat. She called for Kara. "Come here, honey." Kara moved quickly to stand in front of the chair, hands folded behind her back. There seemed to be a hint of submissiveness about her - wonder what that was all about? Jenny reached up and gathered some cum from Kara's face onto her fingers. My eyes bugged out of my head when she looked at me and began lubricating the dildo with it. Whoa.

We watched Jenny as she teased the dildo along her pussy, and Jenny watched us as she pushed it in.

Knowing that she was coating the inside of her pussy with a combination of my cum and Kara's juice was an unbelievable turn-on. I started getting hard again, and it did not go unnoticed. "Look, K. I'm making him hard." Kara looked down at my stiffening cock. "Right, lucky boy? You're getting hard because of me?"

"Yeah."

Jenny moaned. "She loves watching guys get hard. That's a huge turn-on for her," said Kara. I'm sure there was a backstory here, a reason that Kara knew that. We watched as Jenny squirmed in the chair, fucking herself with increasing fervor. Kara whispered into my ear, "talk dirty to her and you'll make her cum."

I was nervous - I didn't really have much experience beyond vanilla bedroom chatter - but my dick belied my excitement. I looked at Jenny but couldn't think of what to say. Kara gave me a little nudge with her elbow.

I spoke. "Do you like us watching you, Jenny?"

Her reply was breathy, desperate. "Yes."

"We're going to see you cum. The thought of it is making my dick hard."

A moan.

"Did you like watching me cum onto your friend's pretty face?"

No response. Just ragged breathing and blazing eyes.

"You know the picture you sent me, the one where you had a titty out?" She nodded. "I jerked off to that." My cock was at full mast now. Kara stepped away - from the corner of my eye I saw her quickly grab a towel to wipe her face clean.

"I like watching you fuck yourself with my cum. Does it feel good, having my cum inside you?"

She muttered something incomprehensible.

"Put my cum on your tits."

Jenny obeyed, pulling the dildo from her snatch and dragging it over one breast and then the other, leaving them glistening. I'm sure it was more her juices than my cum at this point, but no one was about to argue the particulars.

"Good girl, J." I got a little thrill out of turning her dominant praise around on her.

Out of nowhere, I felt a hand on my back and jumped. Kara giggled. "Sorry to startle you," she said. The feeling of her skin on mine was electrifying and I was rendered unable to reply. Her hand slid down my back, snaked around my side and over my belly. My cock jumped as her hand made contact. She ran her fingernails gently and agonizingly slowly along the shaft a few times before wrapping her fingers around my girth. She squeezed gently. A drop of precum was forced from the tip, which she scooped up with her finger and spread around the head. I was in heaven and moaned my approval.

Jenny was fucking herself faster still, turned on by the scene before her.

Kara nudged me forward until I was in front of Jenny. It would have been so easy for her to reach out and touch me - or lean in and take me in her mouth - but she did not. Instead, Kara reached around again and began jerking me off with long, slow strokes.

Jenny finally gathered her words, managing to speak while she pounded her pussy. "Are you going to make him cum, honey?"

"I don't know... am I going to make you cum, Will?"

"Yes. Soon. Yes." I couldn't believe that I was going to have back-to-back orgasms. These two had shrunk my refractory period to almost nothing.

Kara accelerated her movements. My heart was pounding. My attention was torn between Jenny's pussy and Kara's hand on my cock. I felt myself passing the point of no return. "Now. Now now now."

Kara pushed me forward another step and aimed my cock towards Jenny's cunt. Jenny pulled the toy out and let it drop to the floor. She reached both hands down and spread her lips apart, a truly pornographic display. Kara issued a few more strokes and that was it. I issued a load to rival my previous one, splattering it over Jenny's pussy. Kara held me in place, making sure that my blasts hit their intended target. Jenny's eyes were fixed on my cock, watching it unload onto her. As I ran dry, she worked the cum around her mound. I was wobbly and stepped back to lean against the table to regroup. Occasionally, Jenny would push a finger inside momentarily before sucking it clean. She looked to Kara and I, ensuring that we were watching her. Kara had a hand between her legs. The room was filled with sounds of moans, heavy breathing and the occasional schlick of a wet pussy being penetrated by a finger or two.

"I want more of it, J.", said Kara.

"Come get it then."

Kara dropped to her knees in front of the chair and wasted no time burying her face in Jenny's cum-soaked twat. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. Kara was going to town cleaning my cum from Jenny's pussy. I grabbed Jenny's phone from the table and took a video of the proceedings. Kara cleaned her friend, making sure not to ignore her clit before plunging her tongue into her hole. It was clear that Jenny was in ecstasy - her eyes were closed with a blissful upon her face and her hands were wrapped in Kara's hair. It wasn't long before she went over the edge, twitching hard before her body locked up. She let out a series of guttural f-bombs while I pulled back to capture her whole body in the frame as she came. Kara lifted her head to watch her friend climax. Jenny rode out her orgasm before opening her eyes and smiling at us. She was breathing heavily and slumped into the chair.

Feeling emboldened, I knelt beside Kara and ran a hand down her bare back. She shuddered and looked at me with heavy eyes. I moved my hand to her front, tracing up from her belly and over her right breast. I tweaked her hard nipple and she squealed and jerked. I looked at Jenny - she responded to my actions by pinching her own nipple and flashing me a sly grin.

"OK?" I asked Kara.

"OK," she replied. "I just wasn't expecting the little jolt. I like it though."

I squeezed a little harder, making her squirm. She reached down between her legs momentarily. When her hand came back into view, two fingers were visibly wet. She held them up.

"Taste me."

She brushed her fingers on my lips and I eagerly took them into my mouth. I suckled at them, eyes closed, relishing her taste. I heard her moan. I opened my eyes to see that Jenny had leaned forward and was idly playing with Kara's tits.

"Damn, you two are so hot," said Jenny. "I can't wait to watch you fuck."

My eyes widened and the look on my face must have been ridiculous as both girls chuckled at me. Jenny echoed my earlier words, saying "maybe we can change your name from 'lucky' to 'get lucky' after all".

"I'd like that," I replied dumbly.

"Well," said Kara, "keep an eye on your phone."

I certainly will, I thought to myself. I certainly will.
