Author: mypenname3000
Title: Public Incestuous Passion 3: Sisters' Naughty Display
Subtitle: An Incestuous Harem Story
Summary: Melody goes forward with her plan to help Becky lose her virginity as publicly as possible!
Keywords: ff mf fsolo inc D/s anal toy ws oral humil exhib public voy preg

Copyright 2018

Note: Thanks to wrc264 for beta reading this!

Melody Samuels

I smacked my half-brother, and my lover, on his naked, muscular ass. Fix those pipes, stud.
Clint turned around, a big grin on his mouth. I'm skilled at laying pipes!

It was the next morning after he pinned me against the refrigerator and fucked me hard. It was nice to be hammered so hard by him. It had me buzzing, but it sucked that he wasn't coming to our high school today. It was supposed to be my turn to enjoy him  during lunch. Between school and working at Mrs. Hiragawa's drug store, Clint's time was already taken up with so many concerns, so us women in his harem had to enjoy him when we could.

And I was missing out because the plumbing in our kitchen burst yesterday morning. 

Clint was staying home to fix it. Our deceased father taught Clint how to work with his hands. None of us knew it, but our father was training Clint to be a man, to take care of his women (namely his sisters like me). I don't know what would have happened if our father hadn't died two years ago, but I imagine he would have mentored Clint into taking us all in hand at the proper time.

Don't let Zoey and Stefani distract you when they wake up, I said. Zoey, our older sister, had gradated from high school last year and worked nights as a stripper. During the day, she and her girlfriend, Stefani, watched the babies while Pam and I were at school. 

They're watching the babies, Clint said.

I slipped my arms around his neck, pressing my body against his. Riiiiiiight.

Clint gave me a grin. Mmm, I'll be focused on playing with my pipes until I'm done.

Then you'll come to school, right?

He squeezed my ass through my skirt, pulling me against his naked body. We'll see.

I sighed. No lunch fun for me. I guess I'd get him tomorrow. 

His mouth claimed mine in a kiss. I shuddered against him, loving the feel of his mouth on mine. Warmth fluttered through me. My pussy clenched, lusts igniting. I wanted him to pin me against the wall. To fuck me so hard. His cock swelled hard, pressing into the front of me. He was so strong. My heart fluttered.

Something thudded in the background.

Clint broke the kiss with a groan. Alicia is tapping her foot.

Huh? I asked, blinking.

We have to get to school! Alicia said.

I looked behind me. My little sister, her hair gathered in a pair of light-brown pigtails, that swayed about her face, stared at us, arms folded across her chest. She looked younger than her fifteen years, almost child-like in her frilly, pink dress and white leggings. Pam and Lee stood with her, a wicked grin on Lee's face while Pam had a soft smile on her face. You'd never know the Japanese girl was our half-sister.

Which made it so much fun that she was Clint's other girlfriend.

Fine, fine, cupcake, I said, breaking away from our brother. Bye, Clint. Love you.

Love you, he said and smacked my ass. And I love you, Pam, and my princess.

Alicia beamed while Pam said, Love you, Clint.

And you, slut, I want you on your best behavior, Clint said, giving the pregnant Lee a hard look. If I find out you weren't listening to your sisters, you won't get any sex for a month.

Yes, Master, Lee said, attempting to make her her mischievous face look innocent. I'll be good.

I rolled my eyes. Lee liked to be a brat. She wasn't nearly as bad as she was over a year ago. Clint figured out how to punish her: not by spanking or or tying her up or humiliating her before the entire school, she loved that, but denying her any orgasms. That controlled her behavior.

Mostly.

I slipped my arm around my Japanese half-sister's waist and took Alicia's hand with the other. Lee followed behind us to the car. Though my mother taught at our high school, she drove her own car. Who wanted to show up to school driving with their mom? 

Even if she was a sex slave like Lee.

As I drove to school, the excitement in my pussy surged down a new direction as my thoughts drifted over to Becky Yates. I wondered what that fifteen-year-old and her brother got up to at her house last night. I was excited to hear about it.

I squirmed as I drove, remembering the naughty fun we had, how hot it was eating her virgin pussy out while her older brother watched us. I set it up so he could find us having our lesbian tryst in gym supply closet. It was so hot to sit there and stare at Tim while his little sister devoured my pussy, her naked ass and untouched snatch pointed right at him.

It had to put such naughty thoughts into his mind. I could tell he liked what he saw. I hoped that they had such naughty fun. That they were just getting up to wild delight. My pussy was just so juicy imagining that cute girl losing her virginity to her brother.

I loved incest so much. If I couldn't enjoy Clint today, at least another sister was getting some from her brother.

What has gotten into you? Pam asked.

I grinned at her as I pulled into our school parking lot. Just my little side-project.

Side-project? Alicia asked from the back seat. Are you being naughty?

Yep, cupcake, I said, putting the car into park. That's something big sisters get to do. But you need to be a good little sister for Clint.

Of course, Alicia said, sounding offended. I'm not Lee.

Nope, Lee said, sounding proud.

We piled out of the car and walked across the parking lot. I smiled when I saw Becky waiting outside the school, the slender, black-haired girl straightening when she saw me. She had her hands clasped before her, a smile growing across her face.

I'll see you later, Pam said. She leaned in and gave me a kiss on the lips. Love you.

Love you, too, I said to my girlfriend-sister. 

Bye! Alicia said then darted into the school with all the enthusiasm of a little girl. Lee sauntered in after her.

So, did he do it? I asked her.

She sighed. No, no. But I felt him looking at me all night. Our parents were home. We just... couldn't get alone.

Right, right, parents, I said, shaking my head. I was so used to our mothers being in on the fun, serving Clint as his sex slaves. Maybe you should seduce them, too.

Becky's eyes bulged. Her jaw dropped. Then she shook her head. They're my parents.

I couldn't help my smile as I slipped an arm around her neck and pulled her close to me. Fine, fine. So we'll have to do it here at school. Let me think about it. We'll meet for lunch, okay?

Sure, Becky said, her cheeks burning bright. Here? We could get caught.

I know, I said, my pussy so wet. If Clint wasn't around, I'd have to find my own amusements.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Becky Yates

I was scared and excited for lunch. 

I wanted to make love to Tim, to lose my virginity to him, but doing it here at school, where anyone could catch uslike a teacherfrightened me. But Melody was so fearless. She was so brave. She would commit incest anywhere. I wasn't her. It was hard enough just letting her lead me into seducing my brother.

If it wasn't for her, I would still be hiding in my room wishing I could masturbate to my brother having sex with me, while too frightened that my mother or father would hear my panting and gasping, the creaking of my bed springs.

I entered the cafeteria, my head scanning around for Melody. I spotted her sisters sitting at a table, along with some of their friends, the two Hispanic sisters that were rumored to be lovers. At the very least, if you were a girl who wanted to get your pussy licked, Juana would make her older sister Carmelita do it. There was James and his sister Jenny. Were they also lovers? Rumor had it she was pregnant. Was it James's child?

I rubbed my belly and wondered what it would be like to have my brother's child. That would make things so complicated. I was on the pill, so that wouldn't happen. My mother insisted. She seemed to think I'd start having sex at any time.

If only she knew who I wanted to have sex with...

But I didn't see Melody at the table. I bit my lip, my hips wiggling from side to side. Did she go home? Was she running late? Where was

Hey.

I let out a screech, startled by the voice speaking right behind me. I whipped around, heart pounding, and found Melody arching a plucked-narrow eyebrow at me. She stood there, looking so sexy with her blonde hair gathered in a pair of braids, keeping her strands out of her cute face. Amusement danced in her hazel eyes as she shook her head.

Someone's jumpy, Melody said.

Sorry, I said, my heart thudding cold excitement through my veins. I'm just...

Eager? Excited? She paused, leaning closer. Horny to fuck your brother?

Yes! I said.

Perfect.

She took my hand. I shivered at it, my skin feeling galvanized by her touch. It raced up my arm to my nipples, puckering them. I could remember eating her pussy. I never thought I would do anything with a girl, and yet she tasted so good. I could remember the flavor of her sweet snatch as I ate her while feeling my brother staring at me.

Lusting after me.

She lead me across the cafeteria. I couldn't help but smile as she did. I felt like everyone was watching us, knowing that we were... lovers? Were we lovers? I mean, we made love. She was my first time, even if I was still a virgin. I still had my hymen. My heart pounded faster and faster. I saw my brother sitting with his friends on his swim team.

Tim straightened. He was a tall guy with black hair like me. He wasn't as broad-shouldered as Clint, but I thought he was sexier. He had this strength to him. And he was so handsome in his speedo while swimming, all his muscles bunching and flexing. He was sleek. His eyes were on me, following me as we walked by him.

I gave him a smoky smile.

He licked his lips.

I squeezed Melody's hand, making a whimpering sound. It rose from my throat as my pussy went molten with lust for him. Melody let out a purring sound, nodding her head. And then we were leaving the cafeteria, entering the halls.

The sound of all the talking, laughing, and clattering of food trays faded as we entered the quiet hallways. We took a few turns, moving deeper into our school and... I thought I heard footsteps behind us. I glanced, seeing a shadow stretching down the hallway, approaching the corner.

But not rounding it.

Was someone following us? Ghosting behind us?

I shivered as we reached the stairs. Our footsteps echoed as we climbed it and I thought... I heard our stalker hurrying down the hallway to keep up with us. My skin grew tighter and tighter. It had to be my brother. He had to think we were going to have sex.

And he wanted to watch it again.

He wanted to see me again.

I gripped Melody's hand with my right, my left clutching the front of my blouse. I licked my lips as we headed past the second floor and headed up to the third. My brother crept up the stairs behind us, adding another set of echoing thuds up the stairs.

This was happening. My breath quickened. My heart throbbed.

My eyes widened as we reached the third floor and she led me to the right. The hallway bent ahead. Just around that corner was where I caught Melody and her brother having sex last Friday. Just right there, pinned against the locker. No one was up here at this time of day. I quivered, my heart thudding.

Mmm, I'm going to teach you how to suck a cock today, Melody said.

Like... like my brother's cock? I found myself saying, knowing Tim had to hear us. I knew he was at the top of the stairs waiting for us to round the corner.

Sure, Tim's cock, or any guy's cock, Melody said, her voice liquid. It's an important thing to know.

But how Before I could finish asking my question, she pressed me against the locker room and kissed me.

I shuddered against her. Her mouth nibbled on my lips. I closed my eyes, excitement surging through my pussy. My hips wiggled from side to side as her tongue danced through my mouth. This was so hot.

Anyone could catch us.

My brother... My brother could...

Melody broke the kiss. A dizzy thrill washed through me. My head swayed from side to side as I blinked my eyes. Her hazel eyes swam before me as she rubbed her nose against mine. I struggled to gather my thoughts, to ask the question I started to before she ambushed me.

But, but, how? I asked. You don't have a cock.

Mmm, but I have a dildo, she said, breaking way from me. She pulled a strap-on dildo out of her purse before dropping the bag to the floor. Then she ripped up her skirt. I shuddered at the sight of her naked pussy, lips shaved save for that strip of blonde hair down to her snatch. 

You're just so wild, I said while catching a glimpse of movement at the corner.

Tim peeked around the corner.

So brave, I continued.

And you're not? Melody asked a she stepped into the harness. She lifted the black vinyl up her sleek legs, the fleshy-toned dildo bobbing before her. It had a bright, red tip. It looked sculpted to be as realistic as possible. It even had balls. You came up to me and asked me to help you out. And now look at you, you're about to suck my girl-dick right here, right now.

I swallowed as she adjusted her dildo, pressing the base against her pussy, tightening the straps. The fake cock bobbed and swayed before her as she wiggled her hips. She grinned at me when she finished, arching a blonde eyebrow at me.

Well, why aren't you on your knees sucking my cock? she asked. This is something every little sister needs to know.

I fell to my knees. I ignored that flare of pain and stared at the tip of the fake dick. It had a slit at the tip, the crown almost looking like a mushroom tip. The shaft was thick and long, and even veiny. The balls looked so heavy.

Now first, cup the balls, Melody said, her hands ripping off her top to bare her round breasts. They bounced, so firm, her dusky nipples hard. Be gentle. You don't want to squeeze them too hard. Guy's don't like that. Then, with your other hand, grab the shaft and stroke it.

I swallowed as I obeyed her. A strange excitement shot through me. I could almost believe she had a cock. I cupped the balls, cradling them with my right hand while my left grasped the shaft. It was cool and felt rubbery, but had a slickness to it. I pumped up and down it, imagining it was Tim's cock. My pussy clenched at the thrill.

Movement peeked around the corner.

Now flutter your tongue against the tip, Melody said. That's the most sensitive part of a guy's dick. Pay a lot of attention to it.

Okay, I said then licked my lips, wetting them. They kept going dry.

I leaned my head forward, staring at the tip. My tongue fluttered out, sliding across it. I tasted the rubbery flavor while my tongue swirled around it. I shuddered, my hips swaying from side to side. My pussy grew so hot in my panties, my juices flowing as I wished this was Tim's dick.

Now slide your lips over the tip, Melody said, her firm tits jiggling above me as she swayed. Mind your teeth. Guys don't like that. But seal those lips tight and suck on my girl-dick.

I obeyed her. I kept my teeth away from the tip as I slid my lips over it. It felt so naughty doing this. My cheeks hollowed. My tongue caressed the tip still, stroking it as I sucked. It felt so nice doing this.

Melody made such wicked sounds like she could feel my mouth on it. It inspired me to keep sucking. To keep pleasing her. My hand stroked up and down the shaft, the other massaging her balls, my knuckles brushing the wet folds of her pussy.

Mmm, just like that, Melody purred. That's how a little sister sucks a girl-dick. It's good, isn't it?

I nodded my head, sucking so hard. Saliva dribbled down my chin. That only made me feel more wanton as I made those naughty sounds. I turned my head, moving it, bobbing it. Melody grinned at me, nodding her head. 

She grasped a handful of my black hair, her hips undulating, pumping the dildo in and out of my mouth, stirring it around inside my mouth. Her left hand groped her own tits, sliding back and forth from breast to breast, tweaking her nipple. She twisted it, whimpering.

Mmm, that's it, you little slut, she groaned. Just such a good little sister. Sucking that cock.

I was.

Loving it. You want to make me cum.

I did.

You wish I had jizz to spurt into your mouth.

I whimpered at that. My pussy clenched. I sucked so hard. I wanted that. I wanted Tim's cum spurting into my mouth. He was watching me right now, witnessing me learning how to suck a dick. I bobbed my mouth so hard. My lips slid up and down the shaft while I fisted the base. My tongue caressed it.

I wanted to please Melody. My brother. My eyes squeezed shut. I pictured his slim, muscular body rising over me. That it was his strong hand gripping my hair. That it was a warm cock. Tim's cock. I whimpered, drool running down my chin as I gave such a sloppy, enthusiastic blowjob.

Ooh, yes, yes, yes, you are so eager for cum! groaned Melody. What a shame I'm a girl.

I moaned in agreement.

What a shame there's not a cute guy around with a cock. She pinched her dusky nipple hard, tugging on it. Pleasure crossed her face. Wouldn't that be hot? A real dick to train you on?

I moaned so loudly, whimpering.

Jesus, a masculine voice groaned, soft, but it reached my ear.

Mmm, if a guy just burst around the corner and whipped out his cock, Melody gasped, thrusting the dildo deep into my mouth. Well, that would be hot, wouldn't it?

So hot!

Fuck, my brother groaned. Then he burst around the corner, marching to us, his t-shirt clinging to his chest, his handsome, boyish face bursting with lust as he stared at us. He marched over, a noticeable bulge tenting the front of his jeans.

I whimpered. I was about to suck my brother's cock.

You can use mine, Tim said, his voice so eager as he stared at Melody. He was already undoing his belt, fumbling at his jeans.

Oh, how wonderful, Melody moaned, ripping her dildo out of my mouth. Mmm, let's see what you're packing, cutie.

I trembled, staring at my brother. I was at the perfect level to witness it. He ripped down his fly. There was his cock tenting the front of his jeans. I groaned as he yanked out his dick from his boxers, shoving down the blue, plaid underwear enough to expose his hairless cock.

I knew he shaved down there. The swimmers shaved everywhere. I whimpered as his balls came into view, the skin so smooth. They were big and heavy, begging to be groped by my hands. I even wanted to suck on them.

That is a beautiful cock for practicing on, Melody said. Mmm, your little sister is going to have a good time with it.

What? Tim gasped as I turned on my knees, bringing my lips close to his cock. I thought you'd show her by sucking my dick, Melody.

No, no, we're teaching your little sister, Melody said. I know how to suck dick. Now come on, you little slut, latch onto your big brother's cock.

I grabbed my brother's dick as he gasped in shock. My left hand cradled his hairless balls. They were cooler than his dick, which felt so hot in my hand. I trembled at our incestuous contact. My brother's cum was in these nuts. I fondled them, lightly massaging them. My hand pumped up and down his shaft. A clear liquid appeared at the slit.

Mmm, now just suck him, Melody moaned.

But she's my sister, Tim groaned as I leaned my mouth forward.

That's just going to make it feel better, cutie, Melody said, her voice sounding so flirty. Just enjoy.

Fuck, he groaned as I leaned my head forward. Becky!

I shivered, realizing Melody was right. I was brave. I stroked up his cock, making a bead of that clear juices at the tip of his dick. My tongue flicked out, dragging across his spongy crown. I shuddered as I tasted the salty delight of the liquid. It was slick, coating my tongue.

My brother groaned. His dick twitched in my hand. I shivered, wiggling my hips, knowing I was giving my brother such pleasure. It was such a heady thrill. I was so glad I could do this. I was fortunate to be able to do such naughty things like this.

Jesus, Becky, Tim groaned as my tongue swirled around his dick.

See, little sisters are sexy, Melody said. Out of the corner of my eyes, I witnessed her taking off her strap-on dildo, sliding the harness down her thighs. Just enjoy, cutie, and you will explode into her mouth.

I liked that idea. I slid my lips over his dick's tip, feeling that warm, soft crown enter my mouth. A naughty thrill shot through me. My brother's cock was in my mouth. I was committing incest with him where anyone could catch us. 

I was finally loving him.

My pussy clenching from excitement, I sucked so hard on his dick. I bobbed my head, whimpering as I loved him. I put all my effort into pleasing him, using everything that Melody had just taught me. I felt her eyes on me while Tim groaned his pleasure.

Yes, yes, just like that, you naughty slut, purred Melody. She brought the realistic tip of the dildo to her pussy and thrust it into her. She groaned, her tits jiggling. Just suck on your brother's cock.

Tim glanced at her and groaned. Jesus. This is really happening.

You bet it is, cutie, Melody said. Now just let that little virgin slut love you. Mmm, it's so hot.

Yeah, he groaned while Melody pumped her dildo in and out of her pussy, ramming it deep into her cunt.

It made my own snatch clench in envy. My virgin depths ached for my brother to penetrate me. And after this, I knew he would take my virginity. Right there in our high school's hallway, I sucked his cock with all my might.

My cheeks hollowed.

Drool dribbled down my chin.

Obscene wet, slurping sounds echoed through the halls.

My tongue swirled around the tip of his cock. It danced and fluttered, caressing his spongy flesh. More and more of his liquid flowed. That salty delight, a preview for his cum... Precum. It was his precum.

I bobbed my head so fast while pumping my hand up and down on his dick. My other hand massaged his balls. They grew warmer. I just knew they were full of his incestuous seed. His yummy cum. I wanted him to fire into me so badly.

Fuck! Tim groaned. He ran a hand through his short, black hair. Oh, fuck, this is hot.

Uh-huh, Melody moaned. The wet sounds of her dildo plunging into her cunt mixed with my slurping sucks. Ooh, love your big brother's cock. Just like that. Mmm, nothing like sucking on your brother's dick and making him cum.

She would know.

I squeezed my eyes shut, putting my all into pleasing my big brother. I ignored my itching pussy. It could wait. Right now, it was all about making Tim cum. My tongue danced about his cock. My cheeks hollowed with every suck.

His precum flowed. His balls twitched in my massaging grip. His dick throbbed in my stroking hand. It was so incredible. My head twisted as I bobbed it. My lips slid up and down his cock, caressing the wrinkly skin right beneath the tip, popping over that ridge around the perimeter of his crown. He grunted and groaned.

Goddamn, you are so hot, he groaned. Jesus, yes.

Mmm, just enjoy, Melody moaned, her voice so throaty. It sounded like she was plunging that dildo so fast and deep into her cunt. Just cum in her mouth.

Oh, I will. Just keep doing that. Shit, you are so sexy!

A thrill ran through me. My brother thought I was sexy.

I squeezed his balls, massaging them, so eager for his cum. He groaned, his voice sounding so tight. I felt his nuts twitch in my grip. Then he let out an explosive breath. Something pulsed up the bottom of his cock and then

A warm, salty liquid squirted into my mouth.

My eyes snapped open. My brother was cumming in my mouth.

I tasted his seed. It was such a stronger, saltier flavor than his precum. His jizz spilled across my tongue and swirled around inside my mouth. I shuddered. I had friends who claimed cum tasted nasty and said only sluts swallowed. That I should spit it out. But I didn't want to.

It was yummy.

I wanted to be my brother's cum slut.

I gulped down his cum. His cream flowed down my throat to warm my belly. I quivered, my pussy dripping wet. I wanted to masturbate so badly. I wanted to be touched. Melody gasped and moaned in the background, having her own orgasm as she witnessed my brother firing his jizz into my mouth.

Oh, fuck, I can't believe that just happened, Tim panted as I sucked the last drops of cum out of his dick. Becky, you just blew me.

I popped my mouth off his dick and moaned, I did! And you tasted amazing!

Jesus, he said as he pulled away from me. He glanced at Melody. Jesus, this was hot. We have to do this again.

Oh, I'm sure naughty things are in your future, Melody said. Right, Becky?

I nodded my head. I knew tonight, my brother and I would do more naughty things at home. I couldn't wait. It would be so exciting. I quivered in delight. My pussy was on fire as Tim put his dick away.

I couldn't wait to lose my virginity.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Melody Samuels

I was still buzzing from the thrill of yesterday's naughty fun. It was hot watching Becky suck her brother's cock for the first time. It was a shame their parents kept Becky from losing her virginity, but I was confident her brother knew she was available and the pair would work things out.

I was more interested in my own brother. Clint was at school today. So it was time for my makeup date with him and Mrs. Umayyah. I was going to make Clint fuck me up the ass then have that slutty, whorish Arab teacher lick his cum out of my rectum while Clint fucked her pussy with his dirty dick to clean himself off.

I couldn't wait.

I buzzed as I marched through the halls to my mother's second floor classroom. Clint was already waiting there, leaning against the door. He nodded at me, such a handsome stud. Tim was cute, but he had nothing on my half-brother.

Well, stud, you ready for

Big brother! Alicia squealed, appearing at the other end of the hallway.

I frowned. What was our little princess doing here with the Japanese twins? Didn't they know the schedule was changed? They would have tomorrow. But Alicia was already running up the hallway with Kimiko and Minako in tow. The slender, Japanese girls with their black hair and identical faces were just the sort of delight that made Clint hard.

He loved Japanese girls.

His face lit up as he looked over there. Hey, princess.

Big brother, Alicia said, reaching him. She bounced so cutely between the two twins. All three were in the early stages of their pregnancies, Alicia having just found out she was finally bred, the twins the month before. Ooh, we're going to have so much fun.

Minako is looking forward to it, one of the twins said. She always referred to herself in the third person. Apparently, it was some Japanese, cute, little-girl thing. Like Alicia dressing up like a grade-schooler.

No, no, it's my turn with Clint, I said. I didn't get yesterday.

But, but, Alicia said, and she sought me with this look, her eyes trembling behind her glasses, tears beading on her eyelashes. It's Wednesday. It's our turn. We were so looking forward to it. You can't steal it away from us, big sister.

Clint groaned at the sight of her little-girl tears. He spoiled her when she was like this. He glanced at me. I knew he would be stern with her if I pressed the issue, but hearing Alicia whimper made me sigh. Even as an annoyed anger swelled through me, I grunted, Fine. Have your turn, Alicia.

Yay! she squealed, bouncing up and down, her pigtails flying. Thank you, big sister!

She gave me a hug and a hot kiss right on the mouth before she broke away. Then she threw herself at our brother, hugging him tight. Since being bred by our brother, she had gotten far, far more affectionate in public. Maybe it was the hormones, or maybe it was the fact she was conceived by riding his cock in the middle of the cafeteria while pretending to be sitting on his lap.

Have fun, I muttered, my annoyance swelling along with my throbbing lust as Clint ushered in the three girls to play with them. I could probably bully my way in there and join them, but I wanted my depraved fun. It would be all giggling and kisses and squealing delight in there. No real domination save for Minako acting submissive. 

My pussy clenched. I miss that magical time when Clint didn't have a harem. When it was just the two of us and...

No, no, it was good we had the harem. It was just a weird week. Things weren't working out well. I just wish I wasn't so horny. My asshole ached for some depraved, anal fun.

I whirled around and marched away. I passed Mrs. Umayyah, the Arab woman's huge, dusky tits almost falling out of her low-cut blouse. She still wore her headscarf, a mocking parody that she was still a pure Muslim wife.

Tomorrow, I hissed at her. It was Pam and Lee's day tomorrow; Pam would understand and Lee wouldn't get a say.

I stalked past the teacher as she let out a groan of disappointment. I reached the stairs and barreled down them, my footsteps echoing. I hit the first floor and was in the cafeteria in moments. I marched past where Becky sat with her friends to reach the table where Lee ate with our friends and Pam.

Slut, I snarled, grabbing a fistful of my younger sister's dark-brown hair. Come on.

Alicia? Pam asked, lowering her fork from her mouth covered in a piece of lasagna.

Yep, I said, hauling the pregnant Lee off the bench and from the table.

Ooh, Mistress, Lee moaned. I felt everyone staring at us. I didn't care any longer. Let the entire school know that my bratty sister was my sex slave. Clint had blackmail on our school's principal. I couldn't get in trouble.

I felt so many eyes on me as I marched her through the cafeteria towards the girl's restroom. I passed by Tim's table, he and his friends on the swim team staring at us. I noticed Becky standing up at her table, her jaw dropped.

I bet this would just embolden her. Maybe she'd grab her brother and go do something about her virginity.

I thrust through the swinging door into the girl's restroom and marched right into the middle. I slung my purse off my shoulder and dropped it on the counter. It landed with a heavy thud. I whirled around, facing my sister.

She had such a huge grin on her mischievous face, her round tits, swelling along with her blossoming stomach, jiggling. What do you need, Mistress? Got a hot cunt in need of licking.

Strip, you disgusting whore, I growled and grabbed the hem of my blouse.

Yes, Mistress! moaned my little sister. You know I'm the most disgusting whore in the world.

As I peeled off my top, she ripped off hers. Our tits jiggled and swayed before us, my swollen with breast milk. I couldn't wait to get home and nurse my daughter, or my brother. Lee's tits were ripe and plump now, not those little titties she had a year ago. Her belly had a sleek curve to it, our brother's child growing inside of her.

She ripped off her maternity jeans next. They fit her tight. She wore nothing beneath, her bred pussy shaved, her legs slim and lithe. A runner's legs. Naked, she fell to her knees before me, her eyes locked on my crotch.

Just a nasty, disgusting little slut! I snarled as the door opened. Tim entered, his eyes hungry on me. Get that mouth on my cunt right now. I have to pee!

Yes, Mistress! my pregnant sister moaned.

She pressed her mouth right against my pussy. Her lips sealed tight. I shuddered as she sucked on my urethra. My bladder, half-full, felt the pressure. The nasty pee-slut stared up at me with eager eyes. I groaned and relaxed my inner muscles.

My piss flowed.

Jesus, groaned Tim as he watched me piss in my sister-slave's mouth. 

Lee's hands grasped my ass as I defiled her mouth. I groaned in relief as my urine flowed out of me, splashing in my sister's mouth. She gulped it down, her lips moving on my pussy. I quivered. It almost felt like cumming. A smile crossed my lips as my audience stared at me, his hand rubbing his crotch.

He was bold to walk in here.

Ooh, yes, yes, yes, you little slut, I growled. Drink it all. Mmm, you love my piss.

Lee moaned.

Her tongue fluttered through my pussy while a zipper rasped. Tim was pulling out his cock. Maybe he had a taste for exhibitionism, too. I mean, he was on the swim team where they wore those speedos and not much else, showing of their sleek, manly bodies.

Clint would look so hot in a speedo.

I gasped, my sister's tongue lapping at my cunt now that my piss had stopped flowing. I shuddered, Tim stroking his dick before me, staring at my tits with such hungry eyes. He wanted me so badly. It made my pussy wetter and wetter.

But this wasn't how I wanted to cum.

Becky burst into the bathroom as I wrenched away from my sister's mouth. I took a step back, shaking my head, my body so full of lust. The black-haired girl darted towards her brother, fell to her knees before him, and sucked his dick into his mouth.

Becky! Tim gasped in shock. Jesus, again?

She's a good, little sister, I said. Not like that nasty, filthy whore kneeling before me.

So nasty! Lee echoed, her thighs slick with her pussy juices.

Bend that ass over the counter. I'm going to fuck it so hard! I would get some form of anal delight today!

Fuck it? Tim groaned, his chest rising and falling.

Yep, cutie, I said, a little thrill trembling through me as I gave him a wink. His eyes devoured my body as I whirled around and ripped open my purse, my tits swaying.

God, it was so hot being watched. Being lusted after. I understood why my older sister, Zoey, was a stripper. I was almost eighteen...

I ripped out the dildo Becky practice on yesterday. I thrust my legs through it and ripped the harness up my thighs while Lee wiggled her ass. She had her swollen belly pressed into the counter, her shaved pussy and tight ass pointed right at me. I adjusted the straps, pressing the dildo's base right on my clit.

I moved to my sister, Becky sucking and slurping away. A few other girls gasped, my audience growing as I advanced on my little sister. The world didn't think Lee was my cousin like they did with Clint. They knew this was incest.

Just like they did with Becky and Tim.

Tim groaned as his little sister loved him, his eyes locked on my quivering tits as I brought the dildo's tip to my little sister's asshole. I slipped it between her butt-cheeks, sliding it down until I found her asshole.

She groaned as I pressed against it, my clit drinking in the pressure from the dildo's base. I felt the eyes, Tim and the three girls, on me. It was so exciting. Tim groaned again as I pushed forward. Lee gasped as the unlubed dildo popped into her bowels.

Holy shit, Mistress! Lee groaned. Holy shit, that hurts!

But you love it, I hissed, jamming the dildo all the way into her resisting bowels. You're just that fucked up you love the pain.

I do! Ooh, Mistress, sodomize my asshole! Fuck me hard! Make it hurt so badly! Then... can I cum?

Yes, you can, you fucked-up whore! I growled, pumping away. You can just explode!

Wow, one of the girls muttered.

I know, groaned Tim, his little sister bobbing her mouth on his dick.

I grinned at my audience, my tits heaving as I rammed the dildo over and over into my little sister's bowels. The dildo massaged my clit. Every thrust sent sparks of rapture exploding from the dildo and showering through my pussy. It was incredible.

Juices ran down my thighs. The pleasure built and built in me as I thrust. Lee's moans mixed with the slap of my crotch into her rump. My eyes flicked from the squirming girls, their cheeks all crimson, to Tim gripping Becky's hair while she bobbed her mouth with such hunger on his dick.

Yes, yes, yes! howled Lee. Bugger my asshole, Mistress! Ram that dildo into me! Ooh, it burns! It hurts so much! I love it! I'm going to cum so hard!

Just a nasty slut, Lee! one of the girls gasped.

She is! I hissed, ramming that dildo hard into her cunt. My sister-slave is such a whore! She's so filthy!

Disgusting! Lee moaned. Oh, mistress, I'm going to cum!

Me, too! I snarled, my pussy on fire. From fucking her asshole. From being watched. It was all mixing and swirling in me.

Incestuous lust burned through the bathroom. Tim grunted and groaned, watching me as he fucked Becky's mouth. He pumped his cock in and out of her oral cavity while she sucked and slurped on his shaft, loving him. Her tiny frame shivered.

Drink my cum! Tim groaned, staring at me.

I grinned at him, loving this moment. We were both showing off using our little sisters to get off. I slammed my dildo deep into Lee's asshole. My clit throbbed as the base of the dildo massaged it. My crotch smacked into my sister's rump.

Pleasure spiked through me.

Yes, yes, yes! I howled as my orgasm exploded through me.

My pussy convulsed. Juices flooded down my thighs as I drew back my hips and slammed into my sister again. Another flare of rapture burst from my clit. It showered through my convulsing pussy. Bliss detonated throughout my body. The ecstasy reached my mind.

Lee whimpered and moaned, bucking on the table, crying out her rapture, too. Tim grunted, groaned. As stars danced across my vision from the rapture melting my mind, I witnessed his face twisted with passion.

Fuck! he growled. He gripped his sister's head. You're so hot!

His cum fired into his little sister's mouth. She gulped it down, her body trembling. My eyes widened. I didn't realize she was masturbating, but juices ran down her thighs from beneath her skirt. So much incestuous pleasure roared through the bathroom.

Mistress! howled Lee.

You nasty slut! I groaned, slamming my dildo back into her asshole, another climax shuddering through my pussy. Rapture rippled through my body.

Love it up the ass! she howled.

Oh, my god, that's so hot! one of the watching girls moaned. I wish I was that wild.

I grinned at them, my body heaving, my tits bouncing before me as the rapture shot through my mind. I loved being watched. It would be so hot if Clint was here, but he was playing with Alicia. He missed out on all the fun of witnessing my naughty behavior.

But I had an audience who appreciated it.

Ooh, damn, that was good, I panted, my tits swaying as I leaned over my sister. Mmm, I needed that.

Me, too, Mistress, my sister mewled.

Yeah, Tim groaned as his little sister kept nursing on his dick. Damn.

I shivered. I definitely needed to help Becky loose her virginity to him. If they couldn't get away with it at home, then it would have to be at school. But he just came, and he didn't have the super Viagra that my brother took. He'd need a breather.

Besides, a girl deserved to lose her virginity in a special way. A public way. I had to make it perfect for Becky. I would make it perfect for her. Today.

To be continued...