Mirror, mirror
byjdandrews©

"Where are we going?" Jeni asked as her boyfriend, Dave, led her from the party.

"I need you," he said when they were just out of sight of the party. He kissed her hard, pressing her against the wall with his full weight, grinding his hard cock against her stomach. She struggled to get free. "I'm going to use your body however I want, do you understand?"

"Yes," she whispered. They'd never played away from home and it was something they'd talked about doing it. She just didn't expect it to happen at his best friend's birthday party.

"Good," he replied and kissed her again. He moved his hands between them and slid them under her shirt and bra. He squeezed her breasts hard enough for her to cry out against his mouth.

"I love that sound," he whispered. He pinched her nipples and tugged on them until she cried out again. "Good girl."

Dave stepped back and they continued walking down a dimly lit hallway. He stopped suddenly and punched in a code on the pin pad next to an unmarked door. He pulled her into the dark room and closed the door firmly behind him.

"Undress but do not move from where you are," Dave ordered. Jeni quickly removed her clothes, dropping them into a pile on the floor. The idea of being used in this random room was a major turn on.

"How do you have access to this room?" Jeni asked.

"You ask too many questions," Dave replied. He reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a gag ball. He pushed it into her mouth and secured it. "I'm going to tie you to a bench in the middle of the room. Squeeze my hand if you accept."

Jeni shivered at the thought of being tied to a bench. She would be completely at his whim, which was scary but intoxicating too. She found his outstretched hand and squeezed it. He pulled her close and covered her face with kisses as he found her nipples again. Dave squeezed them then used the nubs to pull her forward.

"Bend over the bench," he ordered when he bumped into the equipment. Jeni felt around the upholstered bench as she leaned over it. He made sure her breasts hung over the side of the bench then quickly cuffed her wrists and ankles into place. "Is any of that too tight. Grunt twice for yes."

Jeni tugged on the bindings then grunted twice. She felt so exposed and at his mercy. It had never felt like this at home, but then, they didn't have equipment like this either.

Dave caressed her exposed ass, then swatted each cheek several times. She groaned against the gag ball in her mouth. He leaned over her body and whispered, "You're going to be wrecked."

She was surprised he was still dressed as he ground his cock against her ass through his jeans.

"Close your eyes and do not open them until I tell you to," he said. "I have a surprise for you. Grunt twice when your eyes are closed."

Jeni closed her eyes then grunted twice. She could see the room brighten but didn't open her eyes. There was some shuffling around, and she wasn't sure they were alone anymore.

"Open your eyes," Dave ordered a few minutes later.

Jeni squinted as she opened her eyes. She was surrounded by several of Dave's friends and the birthday boy was standing in front of her, fully naked and his hard cock bouncing in front of her face. Behind him she could see everyone in the party and she struggled to get out of her shackles.

"Don't worry, love," John, Dave's best friend, said. "They can't see you. Remember that mirror along the one wall? You're on the other side of it."

Jeni grunted and tried to speak. Dave laughed. "They can't see you, but they can see your heat," he said. "Look behind the deejay."

The screen behind the deejay showed all their bodies through a heat-sensing camera. "They don't know who is here or what is happening exactly, it just looks like an interesting backdrop. Unless, of course, they've been in here before. Then they'll know exactly what's going on."

Jeni's face turned bright red and she struggled against the shackles again. She could see her movements on the screen as she watched people turn to the screen. Dave removed the gag ball and it was quickly replaced with John's cock so she didn't have a chance to say anything.

He held her head still as he fucked her face. She gagged as he forced all of his cock down her throat and saliva dripped down her chin. He fucked her face again, holding his cock in her mouth several times.

Behind her, Henry, Dave's black fat co-worker, caressed her ass. He rubbed the tip of his cock, which was wide at the tip but not very long. He pressed his cock against her ass hole. "I'm so looking forward to feeling an ass around my cock," he said. "Most women say my cock is too big for it."

Jeni tightened her ass hole and tried to keep him from getting in but he just leaned into it, his weight forcing the tip into her. She cried out around John's cock. He held his cock in her mouth as he watched Henry's cock move into her ass. He reached down and helped to spread the cheeks and made it easier for everyone to watch.

Henry groaned loudly when the head finally was inside her ass. "Oh fuck yeah," he whimpered. He pushed it in further and slowly moved back and forth to make sure he didn't slip out. "Sooooooo fucking good."

John fucked her mouth, matching Henry's pace. Her body was feeling compressed between a vice between them. She wanted to not be turned on, but her body didn't care what her head was thinking as her juices dripped down her thighs.

Henry was holding her hips as he fucked her ass faster. "Oh god, I'm not going to last," he mumbled. Jeni could feel the tip of his cock flaring inside her then suddenly his load unleashed and filled her ass. He fucked her until the last drop of come oozed from his cock. He pulled out and a gush of come followed, dripping onto the floor below her.

"Ben, take over here," John said. Ben, a short Asian guy stood next to John, his cock was a lot longer, nearly 10-inches, and thicker than she would have expected. He quickly shoved his cock into her mouth when John stepped to the side.

Jeni grunted several times, but it was ignored as the curtains from another mirror was pulled open. It faced out onto the street. She was sure they couldn't see her, but it was humiliating all the same.

John moved behind her and slipped three fingers into the hole that was stretched from Henry's cock. He fucked her ass with his fingers, using the come inside her as lube. Jeni grunted as he pulled his fingers out and forced his hand into her ass.

"Dave said your ass was like a dream because it can take everything but damn," John's voice was in awe as he fucked her ass with his hand. He pulled it out after several minutes then slid it halfway in then slowly forced his other hand into the ass.

"Oh, fuck yeah," Henry said from the corner. He had washed his cock off and was moving his hand up and down it to get hard again. He was far from being done with her body.

Dave smiled from his position in the corner between the two mirrors. He was enjoying watching her get used.

Ben was barely moving in her mouth as he watched John's hands. John pulled his hands out of her ass and slammed his cock into her pussy. He pounded her pussy hard. Jeni grunted and tried to pull away from him, but it was impossible. John got to the edge then pulled out and slammed his cock balls deep into her ass, filling her ass with his come.

Jeni was limp against the bench as Ben continued to gently fuck her mouth. He waited for John to step back then moved behind her. Ben slid his cock into her pussy, filling her and stretching her wider than before. She gasped as he slammed his cock hard into her with each thrust, jamming her hips against the bench.

"Oh god ... please ... no more ..." Jeni begged. Dave picked up the gag ball and shoved it back into her mouth to shut her up. He reached under her and slapped her tits with each slam of Ben's cock into her pussy.

Ben wasn't in a hurry to come, he wanted to enjoy the flesh beneath him and leave her pussy bruised. He reached under her and found her clit. Ben rubbed it hard as he continued with his thrusts. Jeni's back arched as she started to come. He grabbed her hips and rode her as hard as he could and came with the tip of his penis pressed against the back wall of her uterus.

Jeni's body was spent but Henry wasn't done with her. He moved the ball gag out of the way and forced all of the tip of his cock into her mouth. She gagged and tried to pull off of it but he held her head still with fists of her hair.

"Oh yeah, no one will ever let me fuck their mouth," he said then moaned. Henry didn't try to push it all in. He just wanted to feel the tip in her mouth, and her struggling to breath around it. His head was thrown back and he was pulling on his nipples.

Dave undressed and moved behind Jeni. He spit on his hand to get it as lubed as he wanted it to be then shoved it into her ass, purposely going in at a bad angle. Jeni arched her back and tried to cry out but couldn't make a sound. He fucked her ass hard as he watched Henry's breathing change and he knew his friend was going to fill his girlfriend's mouth with more come than she could swallow.

He rode her hard, wanting to feel her shake around him as her mouth was filled. Ben came over and slid under the bench. He rubbed her clit as he played with her breasts. John didn't want to be left out of the finale. He kneeled next to Dave and slid his fingers into her pussy, forcing them into the hole which was tightened with Dave in her ass.

She was in overload with all the sensations. Her body began to shake as she started to come. Henry moved in her mouth suddenly, holding her head still as he fucked her face, as his breathing got heavy. He roared as he started to come.

Dave couldn't have stopped his cock from exploding if he'd wanted to. He pulled out before he finished and let the stream of come cover Jeni's back. John and Ben kept up their work and forced Jeni to come at least two more times.

Everyone moved away from Jeni and watched her body. It was covered with sweat and come. Jeni groaned when she saw flashes as they took pictures of her body. John, Henry and Ben got cleaned up then dressed. They thanked her for her services then left the room.

Dave knelt in front of her. "You were so good tonight," he said. "Thank you."

Jeni didn't reply, she just smiled at him.

"I'm going to untie you now," he said. "And, I'm going to fuck you by the other mirror."

"Please ... I'm so sore ..."

Dave ignored her and released her from the bench. He shoved the ball gag in her mouth again. "You're talking too much, again."

He dragged her to the mirror behind the curtain. He pressed her body against the cool material, pressing it tight against it. He whispered, "They can see you now," then slammed his cock into her pussy. He rode her hard as a crowd formed in front of the mirror, watching them.

Dave held her head against the mirror so she could see people watching her be taken. He whispered, "You're a fucking come sucking slut whore ... letting anyone watch you get fucked."

Jeni groaned. She was so turned on and knew her orgasm was going to be harder than before.

"That's it slut whore, come for me."

She loved the dirty talk and it was enough to put her over the top. "That's a good come bucket ... keep coming until I fill you again."

He reached around her and rubbed her clit as the people on the other side of the mirror clapped and cheered. There was no doubt what was happening. It was too much for Dave and he came suddenly, filling her pussy with what come he had left.

When they finished he pulled her away from the mirror and let her collapse on the floor. He dropped down next to her and kissed her softly.

"Thank you," he whispered. "Are you okay?"

"Yes, I'm very much okay."

"Let's get dressed and head home so you can rest," he said. "The boys will be over for an after party at our place."

Jeni smiled. "I can't wait."

