“Your mom looks like she’s having a pretty serious conversation with Worf.”

“I have no idea about what.”

They were sitting in Ten Forward enjoying a day off. It had been about a month since Guinan had let Wesley know that she knew about their relationship. True to her word, she had kept the secret to herself. Sometimes she would sit with them and ask them how things were going. It was kind of nice to be able to talk freely in front of someone.

He continued watching Beverly and Worf. They seemed to be in a heated conversation. Will felt an ugly weight settle in the pit of his stomach. Perhaps that was an overreaction, but things had been going so well, he couldn’t help but wonder what would be thrown at them next.

Wesley was talking to him. He tried to focus, but he couldn’t stop wondering if there was about to be trouble.

“Will?” The sound of his name shook him out of his reverie. “Have you been listening to a word I’ve said?”

“No, sorry Wes. I haven’t been.”

“Are you worried about what my mom and Worf are talking about?”

“Yeah I am.”

“Do you think we should be worried?” Will didn’t answer. Beverly and Worf had just finished their discussion. Beverly headed out of Ten Forward, and she did not look happy. When she had left, Worf headed over to where he and Wes were sitting, and sat down.

“What can we do for you, Worf?” he asked, even though he had a feeling he knew what this was about.”

“Wesley, your mother has asked me to…essentially, she wants me to spy on you. She wants to find out who you are seeing, and since the computer seems unable to locate you…” Worf trailed off, and Wesley blushed, looking entirely too guilty.

“Wes, you didn’t?” Wesley’s blush deepened and he wouldn’t look Will in the eye. “How did you even manage? You need a senior officer…Geordi. You got Geordi to do it for you, didn’t you?”

Wesley was beet red now and seemed to find something very interesting on his feet. He mumbled a very quiet “yes” and Will burst out laughing.

“Wesley! I can’t believe you did that. I’ve been wondering about why your mom just didn’t ask the computer where you were. I should have known you would do something like that.” Wesley finally looked up from his shoes.

“Will, you sound proud.”

“Huh, well, yeah. I guess I am.”

“Well, now that the two of you have that figured out, I want to discuss what we are going to do about this, Wesley.”

“Wait, you want to help Wesley?”

“I know it was Wesley who figured out about the anniversary of my Age of Ascension, and I know it was Wesley’s idea to celebrate the event on the holodeck. I never told him how much I appreciated it, and I think that this is a good way to repay him.”

Will could only stare at Wesley. He had obviously been working hard to keep their secret, and if people on the ship hadn’t liked him so much, then they would probably be in trouble. It was a humbling thought.

“Wesley, I want to help, but I am going to need some more information, especially since you seem desperate to keep it a secret. You aren’t ashamed by the relationship, are you?”

“No, definitely not.”

“From what your mother told me, the guy is older than you. Are you being forced into anything? Is he hurting you? Is he threatening you?”

‘What?! No! It’s nothing like that.”

“How much older than you is he?”

“Well…” Wesley trailed off. Will felt bad for him. All of this secrecy was just not good for him.

“Is he in his early twenties?”

“Well, no. Look, Worf, I would tell you who he is to make this easier on you, but that decision really isn’t up to me. I can’t answer these questions.” Wesley was frustrated now, and he’d just left the perfect opening for Will to tell Worf about them. Before Will could even think about whether he wanted to say something or not, Worf spoke up again.

“Wesley, I wouldn’t care if you were sleeping with the Captain-“

“Ew, gross. And that’s not what this is about.” Wesley blushed when he realized what he had said.

“You mean to tell me that you’re seeing an older guy, and you’re not having sex? Are you sure he’s not just making nice now so that he can take advantage of you later?” Wesley’s blush deepened horribly, and he looked like he wanted to throw himself down a couple of flights of stairs.

“Worf, I get to set the pace of the relationship, and he’s a good guy. It’s not like that. It’s an actual relationship. He’s a decent guy. Trust me.” With that, Wesley let his head drop down to the table, catching the attention of Guinan.

“What’s going on here, gentlemen?”

“Well, Wesley’s mother asked Worf to find out who the guy is that Wes is seeing. Worf wants to help Wesley out because he owes him. Wesley can’t give Worf any information because he doesn’t want to give away who it is. Wesley did say that he would willing tell Worf who it is, but it’s not up to him.”

“I see.”

“Wesley, I just don’t understand the need for secrecy. You aren’t ashamed and he isn’t forcing you into anything…wait, is he a senior officer?” Wesley just groaned, not bothering to lift his head from the table. He glanced at Guinan, and she gave him a tiny nod.

He looked back at Wesley - poor Wesley, who had to take the brunt of the secrecy, even though it was Will who was risking everything.

“Worf,” he said, not taking his eyes off of Wesley. “Worf, it’s me he’s seeing.” Wesley’s head shot up. He looked at Will with his mouth hanging open.

“Commander?” Will turned to face Worf.

“Yes Worf, Wesley is seeing a senior officer. It’s my quarters he’s sneaking into at night.” He wasn’t embarrassed and he wasn’t ashamed, nor did he have any other bad feelings that he was worried he might have when something like this happened. He didn’t care. It was in this moment that he realized he would willingly tell everyone on the ship if he could.

He looked over at Wesley again, who was positively beaming at him. Will smiled at him, but returned his attention to Worf.

“So, how are you going to handle Wesley’s mother?”

“Don’t worry about that, I’ll think of something. And Commander, your secret is safe with me. I owe Wesley that much; however, Wesley, if Will ever hurts you, I want you to let me know.”

“I don’t think you have to worry about that, Worf, but I will.”

“Wesley, Commander.” Worf got up and walked out of Ten Forward, leaving him and Wesley with Guinan.

“That was incredibly awkward. Thank you for telling him, Will.”

“Jesus, this keeps getting more and more difficult.”

“Don’t worry, the two of you will be all right.” Guinan smiled at them and went back to the bar.

“Will, I meant it. Thank you for telling Worf. I know how much you have to lose.” Wesley was looking at him with wide earnest eyes.

“Wesley, if I could, I would tell everyone on this ship.” Wesley smiled and looked at him like he was Wesley’s entire universe, and maybe he was. That wasn’t such a bad thought.

*****

They were relaxing on the couch in Will’s quarters when the door chime sounded. Will froze until he heard Worf call out to them.

“You’re gonna have to teach him your knock.”

“I can do that.”

“Come in.”

“Commander, Wesley, I just wanted to let you know that Beverly will not be trying to figure out the guy Wesley is seeing anymore.”

“How the hell did you manage that, Worf?”

“It doesn’t matter, just know that it’s been taken care of.”

“Worf, I don’t know how to thank you.”

“As I told you Commander, I did this for Wesley. Goodnight, Commander, Wesley.” He watched Worf walk out of his quarters.

“Jesus Wes. If you didn’t have the crew wrapped around your little finger, we’d be dead.”

“Does that bother you?”

“I feel like I should be doing more. I should be looking out for us. You shouldn’t be, and neither should other people.”

“Oh, I get it. You need to be the big strong man.” There was no bite to Wesley’s words, and when Will turned to look at him, Wesley was smiling. Will sighed.

“I’m sorry. I just can’t help it.”

“I know. Just don’t beat yourself up over it.”

“Don’t you ever get tired of being an insufferable know it all?” He was smiling when he said it, and Wesley just rolled his eyes at him.

“You know, Will, maybe you’re the one who’s the brat.” Wesley shot up off the couch and ran towards the bed, Will close on his heels. He tackled Wesley onto the bed and a short wrestling match ended with Will being pinned to the bed, even though Wesley was no match for him.

They lay there laughing, limbs tangled and Will thought about how things could had gone much differently today. They had been lucky. Wesley had been lucky. He should be more worried, but he couldn’t bring himself to do it. If he spent all of this time worrying, then he wouldn’t get to enjoy the time he spent with Wesley. It wasn’t as if they weren’t careful.

Besides, Guinan was right. They would be all right.