Window Shopping
byZeb_Carter©

Ducking into the dark doorway I slowly and carefully removed my moist pink panties and stuffed them in my purse. Cautiously, I peeked out from the doorway back toward the way I had come he was standing two stores down, staring in the window. I stepped out, slowly turning to continue up the street, away from him. I could now feel the gentle breeze on my moist labia, sending shivers up my spine. Listening carefully, I could hear his footsteps as he followed.

My skirt was short, short enough that if I bent slightly forward, anyone standing behind me would see everything I owned. Blond wisps of hair surrounding my moist, swollen labia, I could feel my wetness starting to run down my leg. Having someone watch never failed to turn me on, I would be squishing before I reached the corner. Stopping to gaze into a shop window, I peeked at him as he quickly halted and turned to look in a window.

It was a beautiful sunny afternoon, the sun was warm and the breeze cool. The sky was a deep blue without a cloud. The reflection in the store window was beautiful, as I stared at the jewelry laid out before me. He coughed as a wisp of wind flicked my skirt up my backside, exposing my pale white ass to anyone who happened to be looking. Turning quickly I slowly continued my walk down the boulevard hoping another breeze would flip my skirt up, allowing him to see my sexy ass. My nipples were now aching they were so hard and tight.

Turning to look in another window I casually brushed my hand across both my nipples, watching him out of the corner of my eye, he gasped as he saw me pinch one between thumb and forefinger. A sigh of pleasure escaped my lips as the tingle from my pinch shot through my body. My curious onlooker stared at me as I shuddered in pleasure bending over slightly as if to get a closer look at the blouse on display in the window. I could feel my skirt ride up my backside as I bent further. My onlooker was now staring at my ass and the wisps of hair poking out from between my legs as my skirt rose above the lower curve of my ass.

I giggled with excitement as I stood straight turning to continue my stroll down the street. The boulevard, sparsely populated for such a nice day, had few men about. Several women were quietly gazing into windows of the shops along the street but none of them wore a skirt. I noticed another onlooker join my first, as I tuned again toward a store window, leaning slightly forward to expose my bottom. I was so excited, I was feeling queasy inside, my stomach was doing flip-flops. 

A gust of wind blew my skirt up exposing my pussy from the front. I automatically brushed my skirt down to the groans of my onlookers. Straightening, I continued my walk down the line of shops on the boulevard. I could feel my juices starting their slow downward tumble as I swayed my hips for my two onlookers. I finally spotted my goal, a dark recess in the building at the corner. Someone had told me it led to a courtyard in the center of the building.

Walking slowly, to savor every moment of my possible exposure, I continued to window shop along the boulevard. Turning again to gaze into a shop window, I peeked at my followers, as I stood straight in hopes of a gust of wind. They were both standing in front of a window openly staring at me, no pretence about window-shopping anymore. My first admirer was tall with blond hair and smooth shaven. My second was dark and handsome somewhat shorter than the first. Both had bulges in their pants that were visibly noticeable. Flipping my hair I spun back toward the way I had been traveling and continued down the street, knowing all the time they were watching.

Slowly, I sauntered down the street, feeling their eyes devour me. Excited by this I wanted to run to my destination to finish this little game. It took all my will power to stop myself. As I slowly approached the dark portal, my nervousness started to get to me. Questions popped in and out of my mind so fast I had a difficult time paying attention to where I was going. I almost passed the dark entrance. Halting I stood looking straight ahead, wondering.

Without thinking about it, I turned right and slowly walked into the arched entrance. For a moment, blinded in the darkness, I halted until the opening to the courtyard penetrated my light dazzled eyes. Nodding to myself, I stepped forward one-step, then another. Soon I was in the courtyard. Spinning around I saw no windows looking down at me. Only the entrance from the street and a door, just to the right of that entrance, broke the brick facade.

Sitting in the middle of the courtyard was of all things a picnic table with bench seats. The ground was dirt, hard packed dirt not even my stiletto heels could penetrate. Turning to the entrance from the street, I saw my two admires come slowly out of the darkness. Backing away from them, I was soon standing with the wooden benche against my bare legs.

I was so nervous I couldn't speak, let alone move. My blond admire stopped three feet in front of me, gazing into my eyes. The dark stranger stopped beside him, looking unsure of what was going on or what would happen. Both of them were now looking to me to lead, to show them what would now happen that we were alone. My confidence grew to unbelievable heights at the thought of being in control.

My hands still at my side, I slowly gripped the hem of my skirt, the blonde's eyes widened as I lifted it to reveal my lightly haired pussy. The blond tilted his head slightly in a questioning manner. I just raised an eyebrow at him. He nodded slightly then moved his eyes to my leaking pussy.

The dark stranger brushed past the blond admirer to stand in front of me. He stared into my eyes. I felt his hand on my vulva and jumped slightly, but moaned at his touch. Suddenly, he dropped to his knees and plastered his face to my pussy. Tilting my head back I groaned in ecstasy as his tongue roughly pushed its way across my clit.

Looking back at my other admirer I slowly pulled my blouse off over my head. His eyes lit up at the sight of my tits. He was beside me in an instant, cupping my breasts and pinching my nipples as he watched the other man eat my pussy. Reaching down I cupped his cock with my hand. He let go of my tits to hurriedly unzip his pants and push them down his legs. Then he was back cupping and pinching my tits, while I stroked his beautiful cock.

Suddenly, I was floating in the air, carried by the man eating my pussy. Plopping me down on the table, I could feel the rough-hewn wood against my naked ass. Pushing my legs up, he now had complete access to my pussy. Sweet tingles shot through my body as his tongue pushed past my soft petals of flesh guarding the entrance to my body. Darting in and out, his tongue brought sweet, tender feeling of excitement to my body.

Stopping he stood to unzip his pants. My blond admirer pushed him aside and stepped between my legs. Propped up on my arms I watched as he brushed his hard cock against my wetness. Then suddenly he was inside me, moaning with pleasure. I groaned loudly as he hit bottom still watching myself with cock sticking out of my pussy.

The other man complained loudly that he should be first as he was the one who got me ready. The man with his cock in me told him to use my mouth, as he was already in me and wasn't about to take sloppy seconds. The dark stranger was beside me pushing his cock toward my mouth. Looking up at the man between my legs, I raised my eyebrow, questioning his statement. He nodded at me and winked.

Turning toward the man at my side, I opened my mouth for him. He quickly shoved his cock into my mouth, moaning as my tongue touched his hard, warm, musky tasting appendage. Mouth stretched, I could hardly take him into my mouth, yet my mouth watered as he started to slide it in, then out. Reaching over with my right hand, I grabbed his shaft, holding it tight. He groaned in pleasure, his eyes on my pussy.

The squishy sounds come from my pussy grew louder as it was pounded by the invading cock. My excitement rose the more I thought about what was happening to me. I had a cock in my pussy and one in my mouth, outdoors where discovery was possible. I shook with my first orgasm, both cocks in me all the way. I started to gag as the one in my mouth tried to push in further. Breath was hard to come by as I struggled to push him away.

Squeezing his balls and pushing back, he quickly pulled out of my mouth. Looking up at him, I told him not to do that anymore. He nodded with understanding and I placed my mouth around his cock. Here I was being fucked in both ends on a picnic table in the courtyard of a building. I was in heaven. My orgasm was now continuous. The cock in my pussy was slamming into me for all it was worth. The cock in my mouth was pulsing as it reached its breaking point.

Holding his balls in my hand, I felt them tighten and pulse. Shooting into my mouth, his seed hit the back of my throat. I groaned as it filled my mouth. He grabbed my head as he groaned loudly. Quickly, he pulled his cock from my mouth. He watched as some of his seed dribbled out and down my chin. He groaned looking at his watch.

Thanking me, he pulled up his pants, turned and was gone. The man between my thighs groaned as I opened my mouth letting cum spill out and onto my chest. He yelled as his cock slammed into me one last time. Suddenly, I felt warmth spread through my belly. He was shooting his seed into me. I climaxed again, hard. I shook and shivered as he pressed into me spurting his seed into me.

When he finished he stood there with his cock buried in my body looking down into my eyes. A smile flashed across his face. Leaning down he kissed me gently. Pulling back, he brought a handkerchief to my lips and wiped them clean. Then he pulled my lips to his in an ardent kiss.

Handing me the handkerchief he pulled out of my pussy. I pushed the white cloth against me to stem the flow of juice. Sitting up I cleaned myself as best as I could. When I finished I tried to hand the handkerchief back to him. He shook his head and told me to keep it. I smiled as he handed my blouse to me. I pulled it on and brushed my skirt down. Grabbing my purse, I pushed the soiled hanky in, pulled my panties out and snapped it shut.

Holding onto my lover, I pulled my panties on and straightened my clothing again. Offering his arm, I took it as we headed back to the street and home.
