TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright September 2004 By C.D.E. & Es2c, ALL Rights 
Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for 
profit.  This story may be freely distributed for personal 
use with this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(Cuckold, Humil, MC, M+/F, Male Fem, MM, MF, 
Inter, Impreg, FemDom, MDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ 
THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE 
READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE 
GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, 
PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, 
SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND 
OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES' MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE
Title: Dr. Judy: The Case File of Mark & Millie - 
(Part 4)

Authors: C.D.E. & Es2c

AUTHORS NOTES:

C.D.E.:  Es2c and I have finally collaborated on a tale.  
This saga of Dr. Judy's (a new character for both myself & 
Es2c) involves her encounter with Mark & Millie.  The story 
seeks to combine themes from my "Family Bonding" & "Mother 
Debbie" series, and Es2c's "The Group".

Es2c:  First. I must say it is a pleasure for me to finally 
work collaboratively with C.D.E. on developing a story that 
seeks to meld themes from both our fantasy interests.

NOTE:  This story is not designed to be a quick read, but 
rather to bring out subtle nuances of wry erotic 
humiliations experienced by the main character of focus - 
"Mark". Our goal was to purposely fill this tale with prose 
that would titillate those who are into mild FemDom and 
forced male feminization, and of course, cuckoldry themes. 
ENJOY!

Works of both authors can be found at www.asstr.org, look 
under authors (free site).

Abstract:
Mark and Millie, who are engaged, are having relationship 
problems.   They are seeking the professional help of 
Dr. Judy, a  Relationship Counselor, in an attempt to 
resolve their differences.  Differences that Mark believed 
to be un-resolvable, that is, until he came under the 
counsel of Dr. Judy and was subjected to her unusual 
therapies.

CAST:
Mark - Fiance/Husband
Millie - Fiancee/Wife
Dr. Judy - Relationship Counselor

PART 4: Chapter 1: MORE SCENES FROM MARK'S DIARY -"WIMPISM"

Dear Diary

	The session I had yesterday with Dr. Judy was another 
milestone in my relationship building with Millie.  Millie 
was also a part of this session, even though I didn't know 
she was suppose to be in attendance.

	So that I don't get ahead of myself or forget the 
facts, I'll start from the beginning after I arrived at Dr. 
Judy's office.

	"How are you today Mark?"  Dr. Judy asked me upon 
entering the waiting room.

	"Fine, Dr. Judy."  I replied.

	"Good.  Now Mark, this session is going to be another 
significant one in regard to the further successful 
development of a strong relationship between you and 
Millie. In today's session, we're going to explore the 
concept of wimpism and why it's important for you to not 
only continue to be the wimp you are, but to be stronger at 
it, as well as not shying away from admitting you're one or 
feeling any shame about it also.  In fact I'll want you to 
boast about it."

	"W-Wimpism?  B-Boast about it?  Dr. J-Judy, p-please,  
It's bad enough I-I've had to admit being a pantywaist 
a-and to wear panties for Millie, b-but is it-it necessary 
for me to..."  I stammered as I replied and stumbled with 
my words before Dr. Judy cut me off.

	"It is most necessary for you to not be shy about the 
fact that you are a wimp.  Remember that your strong point 
in this relationship is being weak and showing Millie that 
you're not insecure with that.  Okay?"

	"I-I know we've discussed this before Dr. Judy, a-and 
I know that I-I'm not as assertive as some men, b-but I-I 
don't see w-why I have to boast about the fact t-that I-I 
don't have a-an aggressive or assertive personality."

	"Mark, there you go again falling back into that same 
old trap of faulty logic and denial.  Mark, you forget.  
You're not that much of a man, you're a wimp.  You have to 
accept that.  Now look me in my eyes and answer the 
following questions. Does a wimpy male wear panties?"

	I knew Dr. Judy had trapped me with her very first 
question.  I sat silent and hung my head.  She answered her 
question for me.

	"So you're slow to answer huh, well the answer is yes, 
which you do, that is wear panties.  And by the way, your 
mother told me you should be wearing lavender ones with 
pink lace trim today.  I'll check on that later when I have 
you show them to me.  However, let us move on to the next 
question.  Speaking of your wonderful mom, do you admit to 
being a mama's boy?"

	Again Diary, I parted my lips to reply, but decided 
not to, as I knew it was hopeless not to play into 
Dr. Judy's hands in regard to me being a wimp.

	"So again, you can't answer an obvious question.  Yes, 
you are a mama's boy and a very good one at that.  You 
should not be ashamed to admit that in any way.  Now, 
here`s another question for you.  Does a wimpy male suck 
his mother's pussy and especially so when it's full of 
another man's semen?"

	Again Diary, I sat silent and stared at the floor, 
knowing full well that Dr. Judy was intent on getting her 
point across while beating me mentally down.  She was 
succeeding, but I didn't want to let her see my red 
blushing face to know she was doing so.

	Dr. Judy again answered her own question in the 
affirmative as well as several others.  There were two 
dealing with me watching mother get fucked by her new black 
boyfriend and me having to lick and suck her pussy clean 
between their fuck sessions.  Dr. Judy also targeted me 
admitting to Millie how good I found her fucked gash and 
how it was obvious I relish sucking her out now that I know 
it's other men's sperm she's feeding me.

	Diary, as you can see, Dr. Judy was taking liberty 
with the facts and twisting things around.  But 
nevertheless, there was little I could say in response.  
There was so much truth in all she was saying, even though 
I was adverse to how she was saying, what she did say.

	"Mark, I hope you see in all I've said here is that 
you're not a real man, and you should not be offended in 
any way because of it.  I can tell by the look on your face 
that you're distraught or saddened by my words.  You 
shouldn't be, because you're a wimp and a pantywaist, and 
should be proud of it because that's what Millie sees you 
as and wants you to be.  To be otherwise would displease 
her and I know you love her too much to dissatisfy her.  Am 
I right?"

	"Y-You're right Dr. Judy, b-but I-I'm hoping t-that 
after we're married and she g-gets more settled that I-I 
can be m-more to her than j-just a wimp."  I replied, 
trying to control my nervousness.

	"And Mark, there is nothing wrong with that.  However, 
for now, you have to be steadfast in being a wimp to insure 
you make her your wife first.  Therefore, I'll continue to 
treat and train you such that you'll be a good wimp and 
pantywaist husband for Millie.  Understand?"

	Diary, it was so paradoxical, but I could not fault 
what Dr. Judy said.  Therefore I nodded that I was in 
agreement with her reasoning.

	"Good!  Now Mark, being the wimp you are, you respect 
the authority of those that demand it from you.  To your 
credit, you're a natural doormat. However, to be sure that 
you don't waiver in this regard, you, as all wimps, must be 
periodically reminded of their subordinate place.  That's 
why I've prescribed monthly whippings for you. 

"Additionally, wimps should wear on their person a 
constant reminder that they are not insecure in being less 
than manly.  Hence, your wearing frilly feminine panties.  
By the way, I'm going to prescribe a few more additions to 
your underwear attire to further bolster your feelings of 
security as a proud wimp."

	"M-More women's u-underwear?"  I blurted out.

	"Yes, just a garter belt, stockings and maybe a nice 
set of lacy camisoles to match your panties and garter 
belts, that's all.  They'll compliment your wearing panties 
quite well."

	"P-Please Dr. Judy.  P-Please don't have me 
w-wearing..."

	"And your saying just what you're saying, is another 
important characteristic of you being a wimp Mark.  You 
see, wimps often say one thing, but their mental and 
physical makeup really is saying something completely 
different."

	"T-They do?"

	"Yes they do.  As an example, answer this question.  I 
know you were upset at Millie for having been promiscuous 
and feeding you her other men's semen when she had you suck 
her fucked pussy.  But can you truthfully say you were 
angry with her for doing this?  For if you were truly 
angry, you wouldn't have forgiven her, no matter what your 
mother and I did, nor would you have gone back to slurping 
up the slimy spend from the same men that were fucking her 
before.  See my point?"

	"B-But Dr. Judy, y-you all w-whipped me a-and p-put 
this c-cock lock device on..." I replied before she cut me 
off.

	"Mark, a real man would've continued to resist.  It 
would've been just too much against his nature to do what 
you've done to date.  But as the wimp you are, sure you 
have complained and protested somewhat, but for the most 
part you've accepted what has been imposed on you because 
you know it's what you and your mental makeup needs.  In 
most cases, wimps don't know what they need until others in 
authority impose it on them.  Then they adapt rather well. 
You're no exception.  You've adapted to wearing cute 
panties.  You've accepted that your new bride needs real 
men to satisfy her in a way you can't.  You've adapted to 
having your cock and balls under lock and key and to be 
under supervised masturbation - both before and after your 
genitals were in the chastity device. Additionally, you've 
accepted that you will need to suck her used pussy for your 
contribution to her sexual satisfaction. We all know you 
delight in oral clean up of Millie after she's been fucked.  
Otherwise why did you come in your pants while eating her 
out?  By the way, your mother was so proud that you came in 
your shorts while eating out her black stud's jism cream 
too. Mark, need I say more about what a wimp says is not a 
true indication of what he really needs?"

	Diary, I was so flabbergasted at her reply, I just 
shook my head from side to side to avoid any further 
examples of how my behavior fit her profile of being a 
wimp.  In retrospect, the mere fact I did not challenge her 
further, in my own mind, seem to validate her assessment of 
me as a true wimp.

	Diary, what happened next caught me completely off 
guard.

	"Mark, stand up and take all your clothes off, except 
for your panties."

	Diary, I know I looked like a deer in a car's 
headlights.  But when Dr. Judy repeated her request, more 
like an order, with a sterner more authoritative tone, I 
did as I was told.

	While I was undressing, Dr. Judy left the room and 
returned with a large garment bag.

	"Your mother was correct.  The combination of such 
soft feminine colors such as lavender and pink, especially 
that exquisite lace, really looks good on you Mark."  Dr. 
Judy said upon returning and seeing me standing in the 
middle of room in only the panties mother had picked out 
for me that morning.  I really hated that mother had to 
call Dr. Judy and tell her what color and style panties I 
wore each day.

	"Now Mark, slip those lovely panties just down below 
your cheeks and bend over this table.  I want to check for 
any tell-tale signs from your last whipping."

	Again I did, as Dr. Judy desired, not thinking in the 
least.  After all she was the doctor.  Additionally, she 
had obvious authority over me too.

	"Good!  You're well healed."  Was all she said before 
I got the wake up call that was to usher in a new day for 
me as being a wimp.

	"WHAP!"

	"OUUUUCCH!"  I screamed in surprise after realizing 
that Dr. Judy had lashed me with one of her whips.  As I 
snapped my head around to see what had happened, I 
immediately saw that it was one of her feared three thong 
knotted dog whips.

	"W-WHAT WAS T-THAT FOR!"  I howled out as I rubbed my 
tender bottom and felt the rise of three rows of welts on 
my fleshy ass cheeks.

	"You don't have to worry, there won't be anymore of 
those unless you want some more.  You see Mark, I'm going 
to be demanding you to do some things today in our session.  
That little tap on your bottom was just to establish a 
reference point for you and whether you'll need any further 
positive pain reinforcement to do what is expected of you."

	"O-Oh no!  I-I'll do what you ask!"  I responded 
quickly in a clear and loud manner so that Dr. Judy clearly 
understood I had no plans to disobey her, even though I 
didn't know what was going to be asked of me.  I guess at 
the time, my first concern was not to receive any more 
lashes.  Diary, as you know, I don't handle pain well.  My 
thought at that very moment was that maybe I was a wimp in 
that regard.  Dr. Judy seemed to have been reading my mind 
as she spoke.

	"Good!  Spoken like a true wimp.  I thought I could 
count on you.  But if you need any further reinforcement, 
I'll have it handy."  She said looking at and stroking the 
awesome instrument of pain.

	"Now Mark, I'm not going to put any ointment on your 
little discomfort on your rear.  The sensation there will 
be a constant reminder that you've promised to be a good 
wimp for me today."  Said Dr. Judy as she began to zip open 
the large garment bag she'd brought into the room with her.

	I was a bit offended by her constant use of the word 
"wimp", but I knew better than to protest in any manner.

	"Aren't these simply gorgeous?"

	Dr. Judy was holding up a very frilly set of matching 
lace adorned garter belt and camisole.  They were both pink 
and lavender.  It was almost as if the panties I was 
wearing was part of the set.

	Stunned, conspiracy between her and mother immediately 
flashed in my mind.

	Dr. Judy directed me to put on the additional feminine 
apparel.  The lingering burning sensation from the whip was 
a powerful deterrent to any objections I ordinarily 
would've had.  I meekly took the two delicate items and put 
them on with her guidance. 

	"My you look so sweet and effeminate, just the way you 
should look to boast of your pride and lack of insecurity 
at being a pantywaist wimp.  However, there is something 
missing and guess what, here they are Mark."  Dr. Judy said 
with a tone of drama in her voice as she pulled a pair of 
sheer bright pink stocking from the garment bag.  To my 
chagrin, the sexy gaudy nylons even seem to have a slight 
shimmer to them too, which made them stand out even more. 

	I'd never put on nylons before.  Dr. Judy watched me 
closely to be sure I didn't snag or tear them.  I was 
surprised they went on so easily.

	"You look lovely Mark."  She said as I stood before 
the mirror encased in a complete set of women's very lacy 
pink and lavender sexy undies. 

	Dr. Judy thought I needed some additional adornment, 
so she produced a makeup kit and had me put my hands out to 
her.  The thought of wearing makeup caused me to be very 
vocal with her as I withdrew my hands behind my back.

	"Mark there is nothing to fear but fear itself. A 
splash of color will adorn your pretty undergarments so 
well. Now you don't want me to give you some more 
encouragement with the whip and run the risk of possibly 
damaging some of that beautiful apparel you're wearing, do 
you?"

	"P-Please Dr. Judy.  I-I d-don't think I-I'm ready for 
nail polish.  P-Please can w-we wait until..."

	"No Mark, we can't wait.  Don't be such a scardy-cat.  
Be courageous.  Besides, I think you're ready and that's 
what counts, okay?"

	"P-Please Dr. Judy, I-I know y-you know what's best, 
b-but nail polish w-will make me l-look so..."

	"So pretty, that's all it will do.  Now if you don't 
present your hands to me, maybe you're telling me you need 
a bit stronger encouragement."  At that point, Dr. Judy 
fingered the remote hanging around her neck, as she 
withdrew it from inside her blouse.  At that moment, all 
the sensations I'd ever felt before due to that hellish 
device I was being forced to wear, came back into my 
memory.  I knew I didn't want anymore memories from it.

	Without another word and almost without thought, I 
quickly drew my hands from behind my back and spread them 
fully open before Dr. Judy, as I meekly hung my head.

	Her action clearly reminded me I was not my own 
person, but one who was at the person of others who had 
power and control over me.

	"That's better, much better.  Remember Mark, 
compliance is so much better than confrontation for you, 
okay?"

	"Y-Y-Yes ma'am."  I replied sheepishly, still hanging 
my head down averting her eyes.

	It was here that Dr. Judy went out and returned with a 
piping hot cup of the same herbal tea she had me drink on 
previous occasions.  Before and as now, the soothing tea 
did make it easier to swallow my humiliation, so to speak.  
In a short while, I began to feel a bit mellow and more 
accommodating to what Dr. Judy was demanding, and well, 
forcing upon me. 

	The bright pink polish that was spread on my nails 
really did compliment the color of the women's undies I 
wore.  The name of the lipstick shade was Passionate Pink.

	With the completion of my nails, I felt more feminized 
than ever before.  A strange sensation flowed over me as I 
realized just how feminine I looked as I glanced over at a 
nearby floor length mirror I hadn't really noticed before.

	To make matters worse, Dr. Judy decided that my 
toenails were also to be painted too.  That required me to 
take off the nylons I wore.  I again wanted to object and 
refuse, but the look on her face and my recalling of what 
she'd told me earlier concerning compliance, caused me to 
passively abide by her wishes.

	After my toenail were finished and dried, I had to 
delicately put the nylons back on.  To my surprise, Dr. 
Judy presented me with a pair of open toe bedroom slippers 
with pink furry fake fur on then.  I think they're called 
"mules".

	And if that wasn't bad enough, she next opened a 
jewelry box and produced a 3 strand pearl choker and 
matching earrings and bracelet.

	I gasped at the sight of the pearl jewelry.  Not 
because of the beauty of them, but the obvious effeminate 
implications of them. There is nothing masculine about 
pearls.  Again, I felt an urge to attempt to resist, but 
somewhere within me, a voice came back and told me it was 
useless to fight back.

	There was more jewelry. A pearl ring for each hand.  
To balance out the three strand pearl bracelet on one arm, 
she added a very effeminate ornate watch to my other arm.  
It had a strap composed of three pearl strands and the 
watch face was tri-color gold, which drew much attention by 
its glimmer.

Dr. Judy had truly feminized me.  I also have to say, 
to my chagrin, I had to admit that I didn't look half bad 
in drag either.  As Dr. Judy had me stand before the 
mirror, it was easy to see that my hips and legs, which I 
worried were a bit feminine anyway, were well complimented 
by what I was being made to wear.

	Dr. Judy also brought up these same physical 
characteristics of mine and added that she wasn't going to 
do a thing with my eyebrows this time.  "Mark, your 
eyebrows are just naturally arched and pretty, which gives 
you a naturally girlish look, and especially so with the  
glossy lip color and that delightfully stunning choker."

	After Dr. Judy was satisfied that she had me looking 
the way she desired, she was about to lead me to another 
part of her office complex.

	"B-But Dr. Judy, surely I-I'm going to have to wear a 
medical gown or robe or something.  I-I can't go out 
dressed only this way."  I spurted out to her.  After all, 
I was only wearing a lacy camisole, garter belt, sheer 
panties, nylons, and of course, the pink fuzzy slippers. 

	"Well, maybe a robe is in order.  I guess you don't 
want to be flaunting your charms so wantonly."  She said 
smiling and with a slight, but very unprofessional giggle 
in her voice.

	She stepped back to a closet in the room we were about 
to leave.  The sound of hangers being slid back and forth 
on a closet rod could be heard before I saw her pull out a 
pink dressing robe that was heavily trimmed in large 
scalloped white lace.  The material was so sheer, you could 
read a newspaper through it.  It was beautiful, as sexy 
robes go, but it wasn't the kind of medical gown I had in 
mind.

	As I began to express my surprise and apparent 
displeasure, which formed, on my face, Dr. Judy cut me off 
even before I could speak.

	"Don't say a thing Mark.  You wanted a robe.  I'm 
giving you a robe, so put it on and not a word from you 
about it.  Okay?"  She said sternly as she again fingered 
the plastic control around hanging around her neck.

	I meekly accepted the robe and put it on without 
saying a word.  I knew what best for me.  The robe was a 
generous fit and for some reason, I clutched the fronts of 
the robe to keep it together, like it would make a 
difference, since it was so sheer.  What I was wearing 
underneath would be no secret to anyone seeing me.

	Dr. Judy led me out of the room, past some of her 
staff, who snickered and chuckled openly at me.  I was so 
embarrassed and my face became flushed. We continued on and 
went down to a sort of basement area where there were 
several rooms.  It seemed rather like a tomb in this area 
since it was so quiet.

	Dr. Judy let me know that section of the building was 
heavily sound insulated for her therapy sessions that may 
require some vocal expressions from her patients, which 
shouldn't be heard by outsider. 

	I remembered that the room in which I got my first 
whipping apparently was heavily insulated also.

	"Mark, if you remember, I wanted you to accompany and 
be present with Millie when she's having sex with her real 
men.  So in order to jump start that process, I've taken 
the liberty, along with Millie's cooperation of course, of 
helping you get over the first time of you doing this as 
well as, in a matter of speaking, breaking the ice with her 
other men, her real men."  Dr. Judy said to me as she 
unlocked the blue metal door and literally pushed me into 
the room behind the door.

	
BEHIND THE BLUE DOOR:

	Diary, as my eyes adjusted to slightly dimmer lights, 
Millie, who was on a large bed with four men, greeted me.  
She and them were totally nude.  Two of the men were Black.  
The other two were white and Hispanic respectively.  Their 
big hands were all over Millie's tits and cunt.  All had 
rather large penises, which seemed either erect or semi-
erect.  I couldn't help but be intimidated by such a 
combined display of masculine endowment.

Diary, to say I was shocked and in awe of the scene 
before me, would be an understatement.

	"Hi Mark darling, you really look beautiful.  Guys say 
hello to Mark, my fiance.  Doesn't he look sexy?  He's come 
to watch how real men sex a woman."

	Dr. Judy took over.  She had Millie introduce each of 
her studs.  To make matters worse, she told them to call me 
Martha, because of how I was dressed.  Millie thought it 
was such a cute name.  I was speechless at Dr. Judy's 
action.

	"Now Martha, go shake the hands of your fiancee's real 
men."  

	I looked at Dr. Judy wildly.  Surely she couldn't 
expect me to do that.  However, it only took one look at 
her face to see that she meant business.

	Clutching the sheer pink robe to keep it close, as if 
it made a difference, I proceeded to offer my hand to the 
men.

	Their hands were so much bigger and rougher than mine 
were.  Their grips were quite strong too.  One of the men's 
hands was damp from having been in Millie's pussy.  The 
group, including Millie and Dr. Judy, just laughed when I 
noticed it after shaking his big black hand.

	Dr. Judy next went on to explain to everyone why I was 
there.  Her words basically echoed what Millie said 
earlier.  Except Dr. Judy injected some professional mumbo 
jumbo, as she had earlier with me, that me being an 
observer dressed the way I was, would make me a better 
husband and helpmate to Millie, as well as bond Millie and 
I even more.

	Of all the lewdness by Millie and the studs in this 
room, the scene between she and the handsome black man seem 
to burn itself in my memory.

Having to watch the two of them fucking was 
emotionally painful, even if I had a difficult time taking 
my eyes away from the action of their copulation. There was 
something intriguing about the contrast of their skins.

	The man's long black thick dick was quite a specimen 
of manhood and he knew how to use it on Millie.  I was also 
surprised how deep his long rod - it had to be at least 9" 
- would disappear in her - at least 7" - 8".  I could only 
look on in feared awe. 

	The noisy juicy wet sound of their coupled genitals 
seemed much louder than I suspect it actually was, but it 
resonated in tune with the moans and guttural sounds of the 
two of them in their lusty union.

Time seemed to stand still, yet he fucked my Millie 
twice in her cunt without stopping.  That is, he appeared 
to come in her twice.  He didn't pull out between comes 
either.

	After he pulled out, he looked at me with a slight 
smirk and spoke.

	"It's all yours now."

	"C'mon sissy Martha, get busy!  Get all that dick scum 
cleaned up before I stick my dick in her fuck hole." 
Shouted the last of the studs yet to fuck Millie.

I looked at the slimy frothy mess the black man had 
just made in my lovely fiancee's crotch.  Such a sight no 
longer disgusted or caused me revulsion.  I mentally 
sighed.  I knew what I had to do. My face was still covered 
with a slight film of dried fuck gunk from the pussy tongue 
douching I'd done for the two earlier men.  Even though, 
Dr. Judy had given me a damp towel to wipe the sliminess 
from my face, it had become saturated with slimy fuck 
residue, from my earlier sucking efforts.  The men's loads 
were so copious and gooey and gluey.

After inviting me to clean up the fuck mess he'd made 
in Millie's cunt, the black man next straddled Millie's 
face and pushed his stout rigid gunk covered dick into her 
eager lips, which she eagerly and greedily sucked in.  With 
all the jism and cunt gunk coating his shaft, the slimy 
drool from her moving lips, as they slid to and fro on his 
still hard shaft, was significant. It hung from her mouth 
in strands of ropy frothy slime.

	The man suddenly started making a guttural noise.  He 
was coming again.  It was obvious that Millie was 
collecting his ejaculating jism in her mouth as she had a 
grasp on his dick and wouldn't let a lot of it go deeper in 
her mouth, as she let him do earlier when she first started 
the sloppy obscene suck job.

	The man's moaning gradually stopped, but he kept 
moving his dick in and out of Millie's eagerly receptive 
mouth.  When he did pull out, Millie kept her mouth open, 
while looking at me with one of the most blissful looks 
I've even seen on her face.  To my total shock, I watched 
as a slow, but steady mass of thick frothy slimy semen ooze 
and slide from Millie's parted lips, and cascade onto her 
magnificent, but heavily manhandled breast, which had the 
imprint on the blackman's hands all over them.  He pawed 
her extensively while fucking her.

	To make matters worse and to my disbelief, my fiancee, 
began to lotion her tits with the abundant dripped viscous 
ejaculate.  Even in my shock, I was in awe at the amount of 
sperm that streamed from her lips.  After all, this was the 
black man's third come.
	
THE NEXT DAY

Diary,

The following day, Millie and I discussed the previous 
session we had with Dr. Judy.  The one where I had to 
witness Millie getting fucked by 4 of her regular, well 
hung studs.

Millie was so tired out after the session that she 
literally slept all the way home as I drove.

Even though I was required to suck and clean her 
overflowing cunt clean 10 times during the session, when we 
got home, she was too tired to discuss the evening, but not 
too tired to insist I tongue her out one more time.  
Needless to say, after this last suck out, she fell soundly 
asleep.  To make matters worse, before she dozed off, she 
was too tired to give me electronic permission to 
masturbate and relieve my throbbing erection.

It was a difficult night for me trying to sleep with 
an aching very stiff hard-on as well as trying not to 
mentally recall all that I'd been force to observe earlier.  
The sight of the group of men's large cocks going in and 
out of Millie's mouth and cunt was so vexing for me to 
watch -especially the black stud and his stout, hard meat 
truncheon.

However, Dr. Judy's repeated comments that one day I 
would have the same privileges as the men I was watching, 
did offer some solace, but I still had to endure the 
turmoil and torment of knowing it was going to be 6 more 
long months before I did.  Until the wedding, I would have 
to retain my virginity, suck many loads of spent cum from 
Millie's frequently fucked pussy, all the while jacking off 
for relief - that is by permission only.

The worst part being that I had to jerk off under her 
or one of the other women's supervision.  However, I had to 
admit, by now, after only a month or so, I was becoming 
less sensitive to pulling my self off in front of Millie or 
Mother, or Millie's Mother, or my Aunt, or Dr. Judy.

Another thing I hated but had to live with was that 
Millie also refused to let me touch her magnificent milky 
white breasts.  She also was saving these for our wedding 
night.

It added to my torment to see other men touching, 
groping, handling and manhandling her tits so roughly as 
well as slobbering all over them, while they were totally 
off limits to me, her devoted loving fiance.

It caused me much anguish to see the traces of their 
many hand prints on her white flesh from their rough 
treatment, which by the way, Millie didn't seem to object 
to.

It was during my first visit to Dr. Judy when I told 
her of Millie's restrictions on my desire to touch her.

"Mark, this is just another treat she is saving for 
you.  You should be thankful that you have a woman that 
wants to save another pleasure for the joy of your wedding 
bed.  Not many women would have the tenacity to have her 
fianc wait for so long before letting him partake of such 
charms as her lovely chest.  You are so fortunate to be 
marrying a woman who has conviction and principles."

Dr. Judy's words did little to comfort me.  

PART 4: Chapter 2: MORE SCENES FROM MARK'S DIARY:	
MILLIE & MARK IN BED AFTER ANOTHER DR. Judy Session

	"Oh that was so lovely of you Mark darling.  No don't 
move, keep your delightful tongue in my pussy.  It's so 
good to have you with your head buried in my cunt and 
soothe my puffy gaping gash with your lips and mouth, after 
the guys give me such a good fucking.  You're so sweet and 
wonderful Mark.  I just know we're going to be so happy 
after we're married.  It's going to be so sweet being your 
wife and bring you my well fucked pussy home, so we can be 
together now just like this. Just us two, being so 
affectionate to each others and showing each other the 
depth and closeness of our love."

	Even though not totally in agreement with Millie, 
Diary I had to say it was good to have her all to myself, 
despite she was used, and by her own admission, well 
fucked.  I'm sure many men, rather real men, would see this 
situation as untenable and unacceptable to them.  But to me 
it was a strange situation also, but in a strange way, 
acceptable to me too.  That is just to have a chance to be 
with such a beautiful woman, despite her being a slut. 

I had to admit I was in awe of seeing her take such 
large stiff pricks - and so easily too - in her luscious 
juicy snatch.

	I also felt a bit put upon having to guide them in her 
cunt at Dr. Judy's insistence.  However, after doing it the 
first time with the four studs, the other times became 
easier.  I eventually had my hands on the humongous dicks 
of all four studs.

	The other most humiliating thing beside having to 
handle the men's very large erections was having to kiss 
them before guiding their dick heads to the entrance to 
Millie's cunt, and now routinely having to lick pussy fuck 
gunk off them, after they pull out of her.

This was all done at the insistence of Dr. Judy, who 
asked if I needed any positive reinforcements when I was 
the least bit hesitant to place my mouth on the men's 
dicks.  Again, after the first time, it became easier. 

Dr. Judy, Millie was very excited and pleased that I 
passively clean up the men's genitals who fuck Millie now 
rather than show any reluctance or resistance.

	That first session pretty much adapted me to seeing 
her get fucked and filled by her "real" men, as well as 
orally soothing her with my mouth - that is, basically 
cleaning her of their residue in their presence.  

Yet, with Dr. Judy's guidance, she taught me to see 
this as a good moment for me, especially as my fiancee 
ground her wet slimy pussy against my mouth and got her 
rousing orgasms in the process.

	Diary, the more I thought about all this, the more I 
came around to seeing myself being the wimp, Dr. Judy said 
I truly was, and should be.  That was the last thing I 
remember before falling blissfully asleep with my head in 
Millie's hairy crotch, and my tongue stuck in her gaping, 
pouting, well-fucked snatch lips.
	
	
PART 4: Chapter 3: MORE SCENES FROM MARK'S DIARY: DR. JUDY 
TEACHES ME TO SUCK DICKS & I LEARN TO ACCEPT MY WHIPPINGS

	"Mark, now that you've had your lips on other men's 
penises, I thought it was timely for you to acquire another 
skills as Millie's loving husband - that of becoming a 
cocksucker."

	"B-But Dr. Judy, p-p-please Dr.-Dr. Judy, it-it's 
embarrassing enough I-I have to-to put my mouth on..." I 
slowly stammered in reply to her blatant attempt to have me 
completely humiliate myself further with my fiancee's 
studs.

	"Mark, as far as you've come in bonding with Millie's 
men, going a step further and becoming a cocksucker is so 
logical and correct for you at this time.  Besides, you're 
well over halfway to becoming a pussy mouth for the guys, 
my guiding down this path can only be beneficial for you.  
Plus, this new skill should come in very helpful in the 
future, considering all you had to do at our last session 
in which she was the center of a gangbang."

	Thinking of all that happened at that session, I 
couldn't find words to reply.  She was right.  As much oral 
attention as I gave the men, I might as well have been 
their cocksucker.

	Knowing that any resistance was futile to Dr. Judy's 
strong will, I meekly silent and listened.

	"Now Mark, this is one of my "How To Perform Fellatio" 
Manuals and Video Kits.  I want you to take the kit home 
and study the book and watch the video with your mother.  
She's expecting you to bring it home today and to get 
started studying how to suck men's erect penises.  I've 
already talked to her and let her know that I want you to 
become a cocksucker.  This will only be an asset for you 
and make you a true helpmate to your future bride, in her 
sexual entertainment of her many real men."

"I-I see."  I replied with an air of quiet resignation 
to what I knew was being imposed on me.

"And Mark, with your acclimated taste for spent sperm 
and having eaten so much of it from Millie's pussy, you 
should have no problem dealing with the taste of hot 
ejaculated loads of sperm gushing between your lips.  You 
primarily need to concentrate on breathing and not gagging 
or choking as you let your mouth be used as a delightful 
mouth-pussy."

	Again, caught off guard by Dr. Judy, she asked me to 
step with her to an adjacent room.  It was dark except for 
a very small lighted circular area.  On the floor there was 
a pad.  She directed me to kneel after having me to drop my 
pants, which exposed the lace trimmed lavender panties I 
was wearing.

"Those look so pretty on you Mark.  I almost want to 
call you Martha.  They really hug and caress your cute 
little rear so nicely.  Don't you guys think so?"

It was then that I became aware of three other men 
coming out of the darkness and who responded to her at the 
same time, almost in unison.

"Yes ma'am, he sure does have a cute ass."

	Diary, to make a long story shorter, Dr. Judy 
introduced the three black men to me.  She had them there 
for me to practice and learn how to suck their dicks.

	Their penises were nearly totally erect and it 
appeared the more they looked at me the more rigid their 
members became. Again, I was a bit terrified, but also 
intrigued that I was somewhat responsible for their 
arousal.

Diary, again Dr. Judy had me put my face in another 
black man's hairy crotch and instructed me to tongue and 
suckle his hairy soft nut sac, before lapping his long hard 
meaty shaft.  After that, I dipped the tip of my tongue in 
the slit of the man's giant dick head slit.  I'm amazed at 
how well the tip of my tongue fits in it so well, as I lap 
up the big drops of forming clear gluey pre-cum.

	After gently suckling the man for about 10 minutes and 
swallowing his hefty load of hot sperm, Dr. Judy instructed 
me on how to suckle and keep the man's softening dick well 
soaked and wet with my drooling softly sucking lips.

	"Men love for their dicks to be milked after a suck 
off.  It's good for you to do that not only for the man's 
enjoyment but it's also therapeutic for you too."

	"It-It is?"  I replied in a puzzled tone of voice to 
Dr. Judy.

	"Oh Yes Mark. You see, since one of the primary reason 
for you to let men push their manly dicks in your mouth in 
the first place is to keep your masculinity in check by 
letting your mouth become a pussy for hard dicks.  As you 
know, your little dickey is more like a clit, but when you 
have a nice long dick sausage stuffed between your lips and 
down your throat, you can't feel too macho.  Right?"

	"I-I, er, y-yes."  I stammered a reply, when it became 
clear she wanted a response.  I didn't want to, but had no 
choice.

	"And that is the desired outcome of me recommending 
this therapy for you.  The sole purpose is for you to 
understand what it feels like to be a pussy and to better 
understand what your wife experiences when she handles and 
takes dick.  And when real men fuck a pussy, they love to 
soak and keep their dicks in a warm wet juicy cunt as it 
softens down. That's the same thing that happens when 
you're milking the man after he's shot off down your 
gullet.  So, by slowly milking him, he'll feel as if he's 
in a real cunt, and you can have the satisfaction of 
knowing you have performed and used your mouth as an 
excellent surrogate cunt."

Diary, I did the other two men she'd brought in for me 
to practice on.  It was amazing to me, but my second suck 
off was much easier than the first, and the third even 
easier than the second.  To make matter worse for my own 
any image of masculinity I was secretly trying to hold on 
to, I had to admit to myself mentally, after sucking all 
three of the "practice dicks"  I got surprising enjoyment 
out having had them in my mouth and suckling on them.  The 
moment of ejaculation and the transfer of their hot spewing 
sperm was particularly delightful, despite me trying to 
think otherwise.

Diary, after a couple more practice sessions, Dr. Judy 
had me trained so that I was sucking dicks with not only 
Millie watching me do so, but also the rest of the women in 
the family.

Sometime the women in my life saw me in person, and 
always if there was a video of me sucking on a man's hard 
horny meat.


MY WHIPPINGS:

Diary, as you know, all of the family women - Mother, 
Millie's Mom, my Aunt, and of course Millie - all whip me. 

As you also know, all have remotes to the cock lock 
I'm forced to wear.  When allowed to masturbate, it's 
always done under their watchful eyes and supervision as 
well as them insisting I consume all of my ejaculate.  I 
have to cup my hands and catch it as well as lick it all 
off my hands.

	It was very embarrassing to have my wife see me 
sucking dick that first time, but as I did it more and more 
in front of her, I became less sensitized about doing it.  
The same was almost the case about my monthly whippings. I 
became desensitized about knowing I was going to get them.  
It was always painful to endure them, but I had no choice.  
Dr. Judy said I had to be beaten, and that was it.

	At first, I was very depressed at being so humiliated 
by all that was happening to me.  But it has waned over 
time and it doesn't bother me near as much anymore.  Which 
Dr. Judy says is excellent progress, as she wants me to not 
be sensitive to humiliation or feeling disgraced or being 
subjugated and ridiculed.

	"These are all feeling that just cause you useless 
shame.  My goal is to help you become shameless and to 
achieve a genuine feeling of satisfaction that comes from 
doing what your wife-to-be desires you to do, no matter 
what others say or think.

	Through Dr. Judy's extensive counseling and 
discussion, not being ridiculed and subjugated makes me 
feel worthless now.  She has taught me that it does make me 
feel good to be worthy of being treated in what society 
might say is in a degrading and humiliated manner





PART 4: Chapter 4: MORE SCENES FROM MARK'S DIARY: STROKING 
IT

	Diary, the scene that follows is one of many where 
Millie oversaw and managed my masturbation relief and 
training.

	"That's it honey, stroke your thing a little slower.  
That's good sweetie.  You can't come yet.  And that's 
right, keep your other hand cupped properly to catch your 
stuff."  Millie instructed me as I knelt at her feet 
masturbating and trying to hold back until I was given 
permission to ejaculate.  I was perspiring profusely as I 
was trying to hold back until she permitted me to release 
my 2 weeks old load.

	"P-Please s Millie.  I-I can't hold b-back much 
longer.  P-P-Please l-let me s-shoot off.  I-I beg you.  P-
Please."

	"Why it's only been 6 minutes honey, you're going to 
have to do a lot better than that to qualify for only 2 
weeks of prick lock up, versus us making you abstain longer 
from letting you jack off.  You're going to have to make 
your meat beating time last longer.  But before I allow you 
to come now and not give you a demerit, you have to promise 
me that you'll  be more friendly and pleasant when the guys 
wipe their dicks across your face after they pull out from 
fucking me.  Twice yesterday, I saw a frown on your face as 
Roger and Sam wiped their wet dicks across your face, lips, 
nose and hair.  Do you promise to be more cheerful and part 
your lips so they can draw some of the gunk on their dick 
goes in your mouth?"

	"Y-Yes,  Millie, I-I will.  P-P-Please let m-me c-c-
come."

	"Okay, but you'll have to hold your little load at 
least two more minutes. If you can't, remember, you get 
another few lashes at your next whipping."  Millie said 
with a smug imperious expression on her face as I looked up 
at her shapely fleshy crossed legs.  The sight of this sexy 
sight was also going to make me lose my load.  I knew I had 
to do whatever it took to avoid more lashes of whatever I 
was going to be whipped and beat with at the next whipping 
session.

	"O-Okay M-Millie... I-I p-promise.  P-Please let me. 
P_PLEASE!"  I pleaded.  The strain and tension in my voice 
was at the breaking point.

	"I accept your promise darling, now keep stroking, you 
only have a minute and 40 seconds to go."

	Diary, I don't know how I made it without getting off 
as Millie timed me, but I did.  I strained to hold back and 
keep from failing my fiancee.

"Times up!  Very good!  But remember, cup your hand 
properly to catch your cream. Okay, go ahead, shoot!"

	"OOOOOHHH!  AWWWWWWWW! OOOOHHH!"  I moaned loudly as I 
stroked my aching prick and directed its creamy gooey 
outpouring into my cupped left hand, also being careful to 
catch every drop of ejaculate.  This was a mandatory 
practice laid down by Dr. Judy to instill discipline and 
remind me that being allowed to ejaculate is a well-earned 
privilege and not a right for a pantywaist PANSI trained 
male.

	I slumped back and continued to stroke my shrinking 
penis, making sure that none of my cum spilled or leaked 
from my in my cupped hand or smeared over the edge of my 
cupped hands.  After a brief moment of relaxation, I knew 
what was next.

	"Oh thank you so much for such wonderful sex Millie.  
Please, may I eat my own cum to show you my devotion and 
faithfulness.  I would rather eat my own cum than be 
unfaithful to you."  I recited the ritualistic words I had 
learned from rote practice under Dr. Judy's tutelage.

	"You're so sweet Mark.  Yes, you may eat your cum for 
me."  Spoke Millie with a delightful smile on her face. 

Diary, I know others may say me doing this is a 
depraved thing.  And at first I hated to do it too.  
However, with Dr. Judy's guidance, she got me to understand 
that knowing this pleased Millie, the woman I love dearly, 
made it all worthwhile.  Especially that wonderful smile 
that spreads across Millie's face from knowing I'm sexually 
suffering and humiliating myself for her love.

Dr. Judy has explained to me that Millie sees this as 
true love, on my part, and that is something Dr. Judy says 
I should be extremely proud of doing for Millie.

###END of Part 4###

Stay tuned for the conclusion of this saga in Part 5



