Beyond the Blue, part 4		by lennoxbear@gmail.com

The following is an erotic story involving gay relationships and male to male sex.  If such offends you, leave.


Linda decided to spend her Saturday shopping with her mother and sister.  She chatted lightly with Jim over breakfast.  Shopping always seemed to improve her mood.  Jim sat and wheezed.  He occasionally had to blow his nose but the cold didn't seem to make any difference to her.  She didn't appear to notice he hadn't shaved in two days and that his eyes were still a bit red.  All in all he was feeling better and the thought of having the house all to himself again was what he preferred.  He loaded the dishes into the dishwasher and poured himself another glass of juice.  Another day or two of rest and he would be fine for work on Monday.

His wife got dressed and hurried toward the door.  He asked what time to expect her home but she didn't have a clue.  Well, at least between the shopping and his cold he didn't have to fuck her constantly to get her pregnant.  She was about to go out the door but stopped to take a long look at him.  She asked if had lost weight and scurried on her way.

He looked at the door where she had just stood.  "I haven't eaten for two days, I don't know, maybe. Ya think?"  She was out the door before he could respond.  So much for the loving spouse theory.  He shuffled up to their bedroom and looked at himself in the mirror.  He stripped and stood in front of the mirror in just his socks.  Well, maybe a couple of pounds, probably all cum since he spent so much time yesterday jacking his dick.  He needed a shower to feel better and suddenly he felt hungry.  The face in the mirror was covered with a heavy three-day growth of stubble.  He trimmed it into a manicured shape for a beard and shaved.  He liked the look and since the department didn't have a restriction on beards, he decided to keep it for work.  The hot shower invigorated his body. He felt almost human again.

He watched in the mirror as he toweled dry.  The bearded face, furry chest and big muscular body worked well.  At least his dick thought so.  Linda wouldn't remember to get groceries. He got dressed and headed to the grocery store.  The faded jeans and sweatshirt looked good with his new beard.  He wandered through the store aisles buying the basic things he knew they would need for the week with an extra supply of orange juice.  The Saturday paper wasn't going to give him much to read so he contemplated the magazine section.  The offerings were slim so a trip to a newsstand seemed in order.  He drove to a somewhat seedy newsstand down the street and went in to browse.  

The selection was much better than the grocery store.  A couple of sports magazines, a car rag, something on motorcycles.  Jim almost tripped over a man stooping down in the next aisle.  He apologized to the man and noticed the bandage on his forehead.   The guy apologized to him, picked up a couple of magazines and turned toward the sales clerk.  Jim watched the beefy butt and broad shoulders then looked at the section of reading.  It was the adult section and the bottom shelves were the gay magazines.  His heart skipped a bit and he bit his lower lip.  The covers offered a full array of selections.  The muscular men on the cover were much more athletic than he thought.  He took a deep breath and looked around.  Suddenly he felt sweaty and weak again.  The straight magazine with two beefy men and a woman with humongous tits caught his hurried eye.  He nervously grabbed two and headed to the counter.  He bought the magazines and practically ran back to his truck.  He leaned over the steering wheel to catch his breath and saw the man from the store pull out in a blue Alero.

Putting the groceries away calmed him a bit.  A couple of aspirin and some juice and he would be fine.  He switched back to his comfortable sweatpants, pulled a blanket over his shoulders and sat down at their computer.  He seldom used the thing but knew enough to get by.  The system powered up as he blew his nose and sipped juice.  Finally, the flying windows went away and he clicked on the ISP icon, then Communicator.  The screen loaded as his hands trembled above the keyboard.  Search.  Search what?  Gay.  Gay publications.  The screen went through its magic maneuvers and a list appeared.

Jim could hear his heartbeat in his ears as his hand trembled over the mouse.  Just one click.  He willed his finger to push down and the web page popped up.  Eight items remainin. Pictures downloading.  A big, beefy, furry chested man appeared.  Enter. Click.  Holy shit.

Bo knocked on the door and waited.  No Al.  He tried the knob.  It was unlocked.  He carefully turned the knob, stood back to one side and pushed the door open.

"Al?  You Home?  Al?"  The lights in the kitchen illuminated the dark apartment.  He heard movement and walked slowly toward the bedroom and pushed the door.

"Holy christ Al, what happened?"  He ran the few steps to the bed and touched his buddy's bare leg.  

"Bo?  What are you doing here?  How'd you get in here?"  Bo's heart was in his mouth.  He felt hot tears run down his face.  Al reached over and grabbed his wrist.

"Al, what happened?  Who did this to you?"  Al was trying to get up and pulling on Bo's arm. His face was puffy, one lip swollen and cut.  Bo carefully slid his arms under Al's shoulders and helped him up.  

"Shower, please."  Bo helped Al walk to the bathroom and leaned into the shower as he turned on the water and tested the heat.  He grabbed Bo's arm as he forced his body under the spray.  The washcloth he bit on muted his screams and the fingers he was driving into the big black man's forearm.  He momentarily let go of Bo's arm.  The cop took the opportunity to strip and stand in the shower to hold up his friend.  Al slumped against him and handed him a bar of soap.

"Al, that's going to hurt like hell."  Al's eyes begged him and Bo slowly began washing his buddy's back.  Al screamed into Bo's thick delt and watched bloody water swirl in the tub.  Bo looked in the mirror at the crisscross of slashes across the broad back and shoulder.  The cuts didn't seem to be bleeding.  All the mess was from dried blood on the big man.  Al took the washcloth and did his face.  Bo turned off the water and carefully blotted the battered back and butt.  Al leaned against the cold tile as Bo dried himself and helped him back to the bed.  Al lay across the bed while Bo retrieved antiseptic from the bathroom and began applying it to the numerous welts, cuts, and bruises.  Al's body jerked in reaction.

"Who did this to you?  Do you want me to call this into the desk, file a report?"  He sat on the edge of bed as Al pulled himself toward him.  Al shook his head no.

"I asked for this."  He collapsed across the man's lap and Bo tenderly brushed his head.  Al asked for ibuprofen and Bo brought it with a big glass of water.  Al took several and thanked Bo with his eyes and an attempt at a hug.

"What do you mean you asked for this?  He looked over the cuts and slashes on Al's back and decided they may not be as bad as they first looked.

"I met someone last night and went home with him.  I get into some pretty heavy stuff Bo, but this guy went way beyond my limits then....."  Al stopped and looked at the disbelief in Bo's face.  He slowly raised himself to his knees and pushed the big man across the bed then laid slightly across him.

"You asked if we could talk, well, Bo, I need to talk. Will you listen?"  Bo cradled the man in his arms and rubbed his shoulders.  "I thought a little action on a St. Andrew's cross would be fun only this guy started really whipping my ass.  He put a plug in my mouth so even if I screamed it was muffled and no one would hear it.  Then he invited a couple of his buddies over to help with the cop torture.  They put weighted titclamps on my nipples, weights on my balls and then whipped me some more.  It's not that I've never done heavy-duty scenes but always with someone I could trust to respect limits.  Then they fucked my ass with dildoes, fists and cocks.  Man, they worked me over good.  And there was nothing safe about any of this.  The guy seemed pretty cool when I talked with him in the restaurant but man was I wrong.  His friends really got into fucking cop ass and shot more than one load up my butthole."

Bo held the big man and tried to understand what all this meant.  "I don't know or even pretend to understand half of what you just told me except that it amounts to rape and assault."

"It does, but you have to remember that in the beginning I consented and to some people that's like an open door."  Al pushed himself up and got off the bed.  He pulled an old T-shirt from a drawer and slipped it over the raw back.  Bo sat on the bed, his eyes filled with pity.  Al walked over and hugged him.  "Thanks.  I don't know why you came by when you did but I don't know how long I would have laid here trying to work up the energy and courage to shower."  He felt the black man's thick arms wrap around his waist and felt the unshaven face against his abs.

"I came by to tell you what happened at the gym today.  I saw your truck outside with the window down and the door wide open, gotta tell you when I saw the drops of blood I thought someone murdered you."

"I don't remember driving home.  They must have fucked my ass for hours.  My nips feel like they were almost torn off and my nuts should be hanging down to my knees from the weight they hung from them."  He rummaged through another drawer for an old pair of sweatpants.  Bo got up and picked up Al's clothes from last night.  He handed Al the money, wallet and other personal items then walked into the kitchen and put them in the washer along with the towels to get the blood out of them.  Al watched the big naked man and realized his dick was standing straight out and bouncing.  He walked over to Bo and softly stroked the thick black rod.

"Al I didn't come over here to have sex with you, you need to rest."  He held the smaller cop.  "I came to tell you I had my first encounter with another man at the gym.  The guy sucked me off, it was incredible but I am so lost and now this thing with you.  I don't understand any of this."

Al relaxed in the big safe arms and listened to the man's heart beating.  "I know.  I guess I'm glad for you and sorry that you found me this way.  I don't know if I will be up to working on Monday or not.  Poor Jim, he'll probably be back and I'll be off cause I got my ass whipped."  He suddenly felt tired and needed to sleep him.  Bo helped him back to bed then went outside to check the truck.  He cleaned up some blood that was on the seat, closed the window and locked it.  He went back in and checked that Al's apartment was secure.  He sat and watched the man sleep for awhile.  The thought of Al naked and getting fucked excited him in a way that also worried him.  His dick was rock hard with the image.  He slipped it out of his jeans and jacked off thinking about the hot mouth that had sucked it hours earlier.  He left a note for Al to call him later and headed home.  He took another shower when he got home and avoided his wife's questions about where he had been.  He only told her he had had some police stuff come up and he had helped a cop buddy.  After all, that was the truth.

Al woke up as the phone rang.  He sleepily mumbled hello.  His body felt stiff and sore but not as bad as it could have been had Bo not happened along to help him. The voice at the other end kept saying Al.

"Al this is Art.  Are you OK?  Did I call at a bad time?  Al, you there?"

"Yeah, Art, sorry I forgot you were going to call.  I was sleeping.  Sorry."

"You want to go out to dinner?"

"Oh wow, I don't know I'm whipped."  He chuckled in spite of the bad pun.  "Look, Art, I have to tell you something."  He told the man about his night and hoped by being honest the guy wouldn't be pissed at him.

"Jeez, man, I do some heavy scenes but never go beyond anyone's limits.  Look, why don't I get a pizza and come over.  You need to eat and it sounds like you won't unless I bring food, OK?"

"Buddy, I look like Tigger, it ain't pretty."

"That's OK, I'm bringing pizza.  See ya in an hour." Al heard the man hang up.  He laughed into his pillow at his stupid pun.  Sure enough, an hour later Art was at the door with two pizzas and medical supplies.  Al stumbled to the door to let him in and apologized for the apartment.  Art looked around and said everything looked fine.  Al stood at the door and noticed that his place was neat and clean.  Bo had straightened up before he left.  Damn.

Art carefully kissed Al on the corner of his mouth that wasn't bruised.  He got plates from the kitchen and watched as Al gingerly sat on a pillow on the sofa to eat.  Al ate most of one pizza himself.  Art teased him about working up an appetite being raped and battered.  When Al was finished, Art made him stand up so he could look at his back and butt.  He commented how clean Bo had gotten the slashes and that Al should be okay.  He pulled some antiseptic from a bag and applied some more to a couple of tender spots.  He knelt and massaged the cream into Al's beefy bruised butt.  Al sighed and commented on how tender Art's touch was. 

The man slowly turned Al around and took the soft dick into his mouth.  He swallowed the tube steak as his hands carefully massaged Al's calves and hamstrings.  He rocked the man in and out of his mouth as the big dick stiffened.  

"Art, you don't have to do this."  Al felt his body trembling from the sexual excitement and fear.

"I know, shut up."  The man sucked on the fat balls and worked to make them feel better.  His hands went up to the massive pecs and carefully found the torn and tender nips.  Al twitched at first then gave in as Art worked the antiseptic cream into the abrasions.  He felt them react and begin to feel hot again.  Art sucked the cock down his throat as Al held the back of his head.  He pulled off his T-shirt and undid his jeans, flopping his own big dick into his hand.  His hot mouth worked Al's cock as he stroked his own.  Al's legs began to tremble and Art pulled back just in time to have his furry firm pecs sprayed with hot cum.  Al leaned on the thickly muscled shoulders muttering thank you.

"Like riding a horse.  You have to get right back on."  Art stood up and kissed the sides of Al's stocky neck, under his chin and all along the jaw line.  His hand slowly stroked Al's dick back into full erection.  Al's eyes were closed, as the big man sucked, kissed and massaged all the pain from his body.  He felt a cool thick gel hit his dick as Art covered it with lube.  Al looked the man in those steel blue eyes and started to protest.  "I trust you Al."  Art turned his back to him and bent over spreading his butt for Al's dick.  He guided the shaft into his tight hole and worked back and forth to get Al to fuck him.  Al placed his hands on the man's small waist and began fucking the hot hole.  He felt another load churning in his nuts and pulled out.  His second load in 20 minutes splattered on the deeply cut spine.  He heard Art groaning from the hot liquid hitting him.  Art stood up and Al turned him around pressing their lips tightly together.

"Owwwwwwww."  Al forgot about his split lip and tried again to kiss the man who had just rejuvenated his spirit.  This time very carefully.  He massaged his cum into Art's back and ass.  They held each other for several minutes.  Al let out a long low sigh and relaxed in the strong arms.

"Maybe I should go and let you sleep."

"No, it's only nine.  Stay."  Al pushed Art's jeans and shoes off.  He led the man to the bedroom and lay against him while they watched TV.  Art leaned his face against the shorter man and wrapped his arm around the T-shirt covered shoulders.  They fell asleep and only woke up when Al attempted to roll over onto his sore back.  The pain from the tender back caused him to continue to roll right across and off the edge of the bed.  He tumbled to the floor and lay there startled.

"Not exactly the most graceful move I have seen lately.  Art slid off the bed to help Al get up.  Al laughed at himself despite the situation.  Art carefully held him and place his lips against the full, round lips of the cop.  Their lips parted, tongues met and slowly fought back and forth.  Al closed his thick round biceps around Art and felt the sharply defined back muscles.  Art looked deeply into Al's eyes and kissed him softly again along the jaw line and down the thick neck.  His hot breath worked across the massive round traps and licked over the bulging delts.  He raised Al's left arm and licked the furry pit.  He held his nose in the damp hollow and breathed deeply.  Al's breath shortened.  Art licked and suck his way down Al's torso again until he was on his knees nuzzling the bouncing cock.

"Some things seem to be working just fine."  He stood up, turned them both around and slid back across the bed.  Al stood at the foot of the bed and watched as the big, muscular man he had helped at an accident scene only a few days before, raised his legs wide, spread lube over his butthole then waited for Al to crawl between the uprights.  Al took an ankle in each hand and pushed the beefy legs back and apart.  He felt Art's hand lubing his dick.  The hot hand guided it to the slick hole and Al pushed slowly in to feel the heat 
devour his cock.

"Fuck my hungry ass, pig.  Show me how a cop fucks tight butts."  The long, fat cock filled Art's ass.  The balls flopped against each other.  Al kissed Art and pressed the legs as far down as they would go while pulling back out.  He felt the smooth wetness of the slick asshole and shoved his member back in to crush the balls again.  His head was spinning but he wasn't sure if it was from his body begging for rest or the heat of Art's begging to be fucked hard.  He slammed into the horny man.  Sweat poured off his forehead and onto Art's flexing chest.  The more he fucked Art the more the beefy butt sucked him in.  The two men were moaning in unison when Al's cum shot out and covered Art's hard cock.  Al straightened up and lowered Art's legs.  His still stiff dick slid against Art's hot shaft and sent Art's load sailing up over the man's abs, chest and onto his face.

"Whoa, nice shot."  Al smiled and chuckled at the cum splattered across the handsome man's face and neck.  He locked his eyes onto Art's and slowly began licking the hot cum from his face.  He cleaned up Art's cum then lowered his body to lick his own cum from the man's big sweaty balls and dick.  He was about to push back and stand up when Art pulled him forward and slid his tongue into the policeman's sore mouth.  

They lay on the bed and felt the heat from each other's body.  "That wasn't the safest thing we just did."  Al looked at the man's sharp profile.

"I know, but I trust you Al."

"Can you spend the night?"

"Do you want me to?"  Art carefully ran his hand over Al's back.

"Yes, you just can't spoon against my back but I can hold you.  I don't want to be alone."

"Fine with me.  And it's getting late.  You need to rest so let's get comfortable."  The two big men climbed under the covers and relaxed in the darkness.  Al snuggled against Art, his head resting in the man's big biceps.  Art sighed with pleasure as he felt the muscle of the man against him get comfortable.  Al was soon asleep in Art's arms.  At least part of the weekend had turned out right.

Jim sat at the computer monitor and read with disbelief the things he had searched to find.  His heart beat faster as he raced through the pictures and explicit descriptions of sexual interests.  He got up to get more juice and to pee.  His dick was rock hard. More than it had ever been.  He gulped down two more aspirin and looked at his face in the mirror.  The blue eyes looked lost and confused.  He walked back to the office and stood at the desk staring at the computer.  He sat down and took a deep breath.  He needed a screen name.  His fingers slowly completed the information forms and clicked on ENTER.  A new identity had been created.  He looked at the icon for people and clicked.  Chat.  Click.  Now where?

Member created chatrooms.  Click.  The list popped up and scrolled to the top of the selections.  Sweat dripped down his forehead, he wiped his hands on his sweatpants and felt the dampness of his armpits.  He began scrolling down the list.  He couldn't believe there were so many rooms.  Chicagom4m.  The room you have requested is full.  His heart beat faster with relief.  Continue.  But what to choose?  Musclebearsm4m.  The room you have requested is full.  He let out a short sigh.  His hands were visibly trembling as he reached for a tissue to blow his nose while the other hand scrolled further down the list of rooms.  Copsm4m.  The screen popped open and a list of members appeared.

He read the screen names as his mouth hung open, chuckling at the creativity of some of the people, guys.  He began to read the profiles of the people in the room and watched in awe as the conversation unfolded on the screen.  The bell startled him as an instant message box opened in the corner of the screen.

"Great screen name.  But where's your profile?"

"Sorry, guess I need to do one."

"Yeah, help's to now a little bit about a person."

Jim clicked on the toolbar to My Profile and stared at the blank form.  He looked at the picture on the desk.  Linda and Jim at the beach, smiling and looking happy.  

Name - Copform2use.  Birthdate - June 02 1967.  Location - Chicago.  His hands froze.  He knew no one completed the form by answering the questions as requested.  

Stats - 6'2", 215, blond/blue, beard.  Chest - 50, waist - 34, arms - 19, thighs - 25, calves - haven't got a clue.

Interests - not into bars, into.....his heart beat in his ears and his mouth went dry....real men.  Uniforms, sports, working out.  He saved the document and looked back at the conversation.  He couldn't make his hands move.  He exited the chatroom.  The search list of sites came back up.  He clicked on a directory for muscle men.  Another list appeared.  He didn't realize there were so many links.  

Bo sat across the dinner table from his wife and chatted about the upcoming week and the need to get a list of things to do around the house.  The kids teased each other and Bo soon found himself thinking about Al.  His wife asked if he was listening.

"Not if that list keeps getting longer."  She smiled and gave him the look.  He threw his hands into the air and laughed.  The kids asked to be excused and ran off to play video games.  He stood up to help clear the table.  His wife was already walking into the kitchen when he realized his dick was rock hard and pushing out the front of his jeans.   He collected the dirty dishes and piled them neatly giving his dick some time to relax.  His wife came back and thanked him for being helpful, kissed him on the cheek and headed back to the kitchen.  He watched her move about the kitchen cleaning up the dinner mess and being waved out of the way.

He thought about calling Al but changed his mind.  The kids were making too much noise with their games so he headed for the bedroom to watch TV.  The phone rang as he walked into the room.  His wife called up the stairs that it was his partner Max.  He picked up the phone and heard Max's hyper friendly voice chatting away.

"Some of the guys are going for a drink down at Woodson's, want to join us?"

"Yeah, maybe for a couple."  He grabbed his jacket and told his wife he was meeting the guys.  The look was back.  "I know, church tomorrow, don't worry, just a couple of beers."  She made him promise two more times as he closed the door and climbed into this truck.  He walked into Woodson's but didn't feel at ease.  The place was filled with men.  Not a woman in sight.  The sports talk and testosterone filled the place with the smoke.  The bartender slipped him a beer as he found his cop buddies in a corner table arguing over baseball.  Several beers later he felt his head hurting from laughing and his bladder gurgling from the beer.

"Guys, I better go.  If I miss church tomorrow my wife'll have my nuts."   He got up and was met with good-natured teasing as he pulled on his jacket.  He shook his head and waved his hands at their teasing.  A stop in the men's room was in order before the drive home.  He stood at the urinal as Max walked in and plopped his big dick out at the next urinal.  Bo tried not to look but the beefy man had been known for his beer bottle sized dick.  Max made noises of relief as his stream of piss filled the porcelain.  Bo laughed at him and turned to struggle with his quickly hardening dick.

"Hmm, the little lady's about to get lucky eh?"  Max elbowed him at the sink and winked.

"Maybe, but she hates the smell of beer so I'll be sleeping alone."

"Oh well, her loss."  Max waved his butt at Bo as he exited the restroom.  Bo felt his dick stiffen again.  He sighed, diverted his eyes and left the bar.  In the truck, he adjusted his fat cock and squeezed his balls.  It was only ten o'clock and he really wasn't tired.  He knew his wife would be asleep by 11 and he didn't relish the thought of sitting and watching TV by himself.  Oh well.  The big Dodge roared to life and he maneuvered out of the crowded lot onto the busy street.  There was a lot of slow moving traffic and he felt the urge to pee become stronger.  Damned beer.  He turned the corner to get out of traffic and head home another way.  Sussex was quieter.

He drove about three blocks and saw the sign for The Garage blink in the next block.  From a distance he could see three men enter the bar.  He drove past, then stopped.  A parking space only a half block away.  The big truck slid easily into the street space and Bo felt this boots hit the street.  He bit his lower lip, threw his jacket across the seat and locked the door. His hands flexed from nerves.  The rush of blood in his ears was almost as loud as the sound of music coming from within the brick four-story building.  A man greeted him at the door and welcomed him.  Bo nodded.  The man was fucking huge.  Six feet of gym pumped muscle in leather harness, chaps and jeans.  The man seemed equally interested in Bo.  He stood close to the big, black cop to be heard over the music.

"Two dollar cover tonight and I have to see some ID."  The man smiled.  Bo pulled two bucks from his pocket and fished his license from his wallet.  The man stood close and handed back the license.  Bo could smell his sweat and leather.  "You have a good time, Bo."  A hand brushed against his basket.  The man glanced down at the obvious erection.  "Hmm, I think you already are."

To be continued, comments - suggestions?		
Lennoxbear@gmail.com 
Beyond the Blue (c) 2000






