
My First Walk
by Dot_May_Nip
My name is Dorthy May, but my friends call me Dot. I'm a 42 year old Unix sysadmin. I'm actually a manager of sorts. I run a 12 hour shift, 11 pm to 11 am, Sunday night through Tuesday night, plus an 11 to to 3 Wednesday night. Nice gig, it gives me the whole weekend off.

My husband (ex-husband) and I were married for 8 years, but came to the realization that it wasn't working. Our divorce was final in February 2007. Don took the house, I got half the equity. Great timing!!! I rented for a while and bought a nice house that I could actually afford in mid April of this year. That's where this story begins.

Jackie and Max threw a "welcome to the neighborhood" party for me in late April. The weather was perfect! There must have been fifty people there, but it slowly dwindled down to Jackie, Max and me. I was pretty drunk, but I only had to walk a couple of houses down, so I wasn't concerned.

Jackie and I were talking about vacations. They took some pretty exotic ones. We went to her computer and she brought up some albums. I was looking at one of France. Spectacular scenery, really nice houses. To see where some great artists lived was neat. Then there were some beach scenes. I blushed. Jackie was topless.

Let me describe her, and me. She's a little shorter than me, maybe an inch. But in much better shape. She works out 5 or 6 days a week. The picture was a couple of years old. Her breasts would probably turn heads anywhere. Not those huge monsters, just nice. Bigger than mine.

She said to keep going. Another of her topless. Only in a teeny, tiny g-string. The next was Max. Nude! He had what looked to be an average sized penis. The shot after that was Jackie, also nude. With what appeared to be a shaved pubic area. There were several more. Then one that surprised me. She was standing in an alley, apparently just off the street. With her shirt up and her pants down to her ankles.

"Don't you love it?" she asked.

I turned around.

"Do you really enjoy that sort of thing?"

"It's spectacular! It turns me on to show off in public, to risk getting caught" she replied.

"Have you ever been caught?" I replied.

"Once, but nothing happened. It was a couple. He just looked for a minute or two, then she said 'cunt' and dragged him off."

She smiled at me. "I've done it around here, before. Late at night."

Then she had what my father used to call a "shit eatin' grin."

"Want to try?" she asked.

"What?"

"Let's strip down and walk to your house. It's just a little way down the street and it's what, 2:30 in the morning."

I was pretty plowed. Real drunk. Really drunk. I thought about it for a second. Then another. I was intrigued. This could be a rush.

"Okay. Maybe. But what about Max?"

"Oh man, look at him. He's sound asleep. He almost always falls asleep when he has that much beer."

I looked at her for a second. Then suddenly she took off her shirt. Then kicked off her shoes. She looked at me slyly and unsnapped her jeans and pulled them half-way down.

"Okay, now you."

I dithered for a second. Then I reached down and grabbed my t-shirt and pulled it over my head. I quivered for a second then undid my jeans. Then I realized that I still had my shoes of. Thank goodness for slip ons. Then I pulled my jeans half-way down. I looked up at Jackie. She smiled. I pulled them down and stepped out of them.

She pulled her jeans the rest of the way off. Then reached behind her and unhooked her bra, but left her straps on her shoulders. I was kind of shaking as I unhooked mine, then shrugged it off. She dropped hers. Her boobs were stunning. I'm sure any guy would be all up and drooling for them.

Then she hooked her fingers in her panties and looked at me. It was a "well?" look. "What the fuck" I thought and pulled my panties down. My bush was showing and I felt kind of nervous. She quickly pulled hers down and I saw her shaved pubic area. It looked totally nude, not a hair.

"I shave it every day. I've thought about waxing, or maybe laser. But I'm a chicken" she said.

I must have been staring, because she suddenly said "Want to see it all?" and spread her legs about shoulder width. I was still looking. Starring. 

Then she said "Any time. Let's go." And headed for the door.

My legs started walking on their own. I was in a trance. We got to the door and she said "The adventure begins" and we walked out.

I was tingling all over. Her porch light was off, so it seemed private. We walked down the sidewalk to the driveway and down to the street. Well, the sidewalk. Then turned up the street towards my house. The street lights lit our way. They were on the opposite side of the street, so it was a soft light. 

We had walked about four houses down when suddenly a light came on. I jumped and looked around, trying to find cover.

"Relax" Jackie said. "It's the Henderson's driveway light. It's on a motion sensor and he's got it too sensitive."

I took a breath. The house was dark. Jackie kept walking, so I hurried up and caught up with her. I felt my breasts gently bounce. Two more houses and we reached my driveway, then the walk and finally my door. The porch light was on and I shivered a bit. Suddenly I panicked. My keys! My house was locked and my keys were in my jeans.

"Oh shit, I'm locked out. What am I going to do?" I was scared.

"I guess we have to head back." she replied. With that same shit eatin' grin.

We hurried back to the sidewalk, her breasts bouncing and mine jiggling. Our walk was a little quicker, but not too much. We were two houses away when suddenly lights from a car turned and came down the street.

"Oh no, what do we do?"

"We take our chances. He's got eight or nine houses before he reaches us, he may turn before then."

Sure enough, he pulled into a driveway just off the corner.

By the time we got to her house, I suddenly realized that my vagina was leaking. It was just starting to wet the inside of my thighs. I was shocked! I was actually excited by this! It was turning me on!

We got inside her house and Jackie turned to me and looked down. I'm sure she could see my juices.

"Well, I guess you enjoyed that."

"Jesus, Jackie. That was thrilling" I answered.

"Now you know why I do it" she said, smiling.

I grabbed my clothes, putting on my jeans with no panties. The I grabbed my t-shirt and underwear.

"I'm going to try this on my own" I stated, a little proud, a little scared and a little excited.

"Okay, call when you're ready to do it again" she said.

I didn't say anything, just walked out the door. Nothing happened. Okay, the Henderson's light came on, but it didn't startle me this time.

I walked into my house and stripped off my jeans, dropping my clothes right there. I remembered to shut and lock my door, then ran to my bedroom. I reached into my "naughty drawer" and pulled out my rabbit. And masturbated myself to a tremendous orgasm. And another. And a third. Then I fell asleep, a combination of the alcohol and the sex. But as I drifted off I thought "yes, again." 
