 am karna 22 yrs from hyderabad . height 6 dick is of 9 inches .studying engg I am fan of my own sister . She is very beautiful women . She is 24 yrs she completed her engg . my parents lives in village becoz of there govt jobs . They sent t money for me and my sis. they visits once in a year . Me and my sister stays in single bed room flat in hyderabad.

I used to stay in hall and my sis is in her bed room .due to single bed room she sleeps in her bed room and I am in hall.

Know her engg is over .for me only she stays with me . She is know doing nothing ..

I daily reads sex stories in this site and I watched lot of sex movies in my computer.

I daily masturbate in front of my computer by watching sex movies .

I am big fan of my sexy sister big boobs. I daily masturbate by imagine of her sexy TITS. really I wanted a great chance to fuck her big tits .know I got that.

This was the real story witch happened between me and my sister neeta.

My sister name is neeta she has a great sexy bomb figure if 37-26_34.her big milky tits always heats me up.

daily morning she do jogging in the hall  In jogging she wears small low neck t shirt witch is tights her boobs she didn't wear bra at that time .her big tits cleavage clearly view from that low neck t shirt from that short t shirt I daily watches her nipple witch erects my dick . She wears short witch is up to half of her theist .

One day neeta started her routine. In morning at 7 AM she started her jogging with her cycling we have a cycling machine in our hall I used to sleep daily in hall only.

She is bended towards me to catch her cycles handle I watched her boobs cleavage from behind the bed sheet. She didn't know that I am watching her big tits . My dick is heated and erected within 1 sec . in her cycling her theist are looking nice   I pretends like I am in sleep she didn't notice me but I have a great view of her cleavage . know she is doing her skipping she is jumping up and down with skipping I am watching her jumping boobs they r of heavy weight they r dancing along with her due to no bra in side her t shirt they r so loose and they also coming out a little bit from her low neck t shirt   I watched all these red heated boobs show from behind the bed sheet .

Suddenly door bell was rang she I s moved toward s the door to open . She passed behind me I watched her theist bottom view becoz I was sleep on floor . She rise her both hands up in the air to open the bolt of the door wow ww www www ww I got a great view of her lower part of boobs. due to short in size of her t shirt bottom part of boobs cleavage is really view in a great pattern. I really got hungry of her boobs by watching her bottom part of her milky tits   I really wanted to eat that milky smooth tits with my hands  I got a big erection with that incident. she opened the door and collected news paper and returned to her jogging know I watched her big ass. neeta really have a great ass .

Know she is rise her hand s in air her arm pits are nice to watch . She like her arm pits smell I too. she smelled her body smell. and went to her room.

I used to awake at 9 AM s o she didn't disturbs me in early. she do her all works later she wakes me up . That's why that day also she didn't observed me that I am watching her treasure .

Know from jogging she went in to her bed room and closed her door .to change her clothes .and she is going wear her nighty went inside and closed the door .a little bit

Of her bed room door was opened due to floe of air. due my luck I watched the complete

View of her sexy body . She removed her t shirt first wow I really shocked first time I completely watched my sisters both big boobs .her nipple is erected with gray color

She has a round shape of her both boobs know my dick is erected and comes out from my

Shorts I couldn't controlled my self by watching her boobs. Then she sat on her bed and bended towards me to open her short she don't know that I am watching her body behind the door due to her bend her boobs also get down wow milky tits has a great shape   I started masturbating she removed her short and thrown her short and t shirt on bed and stand on floor to wear nighty .huh my dick is excited by watching her total naked body

Know she is totally naked in front of me my masturbation is got a great heat with her sexy naked body . She is cleaning her swept with her towel she also cleaned her pussy with her towel .and she smelled her armpits swept. what a great pleasure it is>>>>

HEY I Shocked know huh my sister entered her fingers in to her pussy and moaned slowly and pressed her boobs hardly with her both hands and tickled her nipple .

My dick is rise with great heat my dick become red rod. my sperms got out and

All my sperms r hit the bed room door.

I suddenly rushed towards her bed room door to clean my sperms with the sudden sound

My sister wear her transparent nighty without bra .by that time she watched me that when I am cleaning my sperms that hit her bedroom door.

At that time my dick is out of my short she watched my 9 inches dick I immediately wear my short  I didn't notice that my sister watched my dick .but I got a shiver I didn't talk with her at that time.

She asked karna what happened with u u got up early today I replied nothing. She also have some shiver that I watched her naked body.

She realized that I watched her naked body behind the door.

But I didn't know that my sister watched my naked 9 inches rod .

Later I went to read news paper in hall I sat on sofa to read news paper .

Neeta started her sweeping due to her transparent nighty I viewed her milky boobs from out side . She is came nearer to me I am watching her tots behind the news paper .and she

Started sweeping behind me for a long time I have a great closer view of her big tits my dick is again erected with a great heat . She saw my dick erection and waited for some more time nearer me to shoe her boobs.

I under standard that my sister neeta is going to heat me up I neglected her looks towards my dick  I stared at her boobs wow what a great view it is know my sister boobs is in front of me her cleavage is sexy. She also stared at my big dick.

And she started to impress me I understand her thoughts and I pretended that I am not watching her sweet looks on my dick. beecoz I want more hot pleasure from her boobs.

Know she is acted that some dirt is there above my sofa . She rise her hand to clean dirt on the wall that is above my sofa. at that time I got a very closer view of her tits nipple from her nighties . from her transparent nighty I watched her gray nipples of her boobs .but she pretended that she is ignoring my looks .her nipples also erected with my hot looks .

She turned back to sweeping due to no bra and no underwear her back ass also viewed transparently . My dick is know in out of control by watching her great ass semi nakedly .

Then later she entered in to her room and closed her door .little bit of her door was incidentally opened with my sister and she pretended that she didn't know that door was open . She know removed her nighty to take her bath .

Again she is totally naked in front of she is acting that she is not known that I am watching her naked body. She wear towel on her boobs and entered into her bath room.

Bath room door also opened a small part incidentally.

I understand my sister sexy thoughts. and didn't want to waste my dicks heat I started watching her bath behind the door. Know in bath room she removed her only towel on

Her tits and catches her both boobs with her hands and rubbed them hardly and moaned

Like haaaaaaaa ha haaaaaaahh huh mmmmmmmmm I also erected with her moans

I also opened my dick from my shorts and started masturbation she tickled her nipple tightly and moaned loudly her hips r jumping with great pleasure . Then she entered her nails in to her pink sweet pussy started pushing and pulling inside and out side and moaned like aaaa mmmmmmm aaahhhhhhaaaahaaa 

I also did fast my masturbation I get out of control with her acts. I also shredded my sperms along with her. know she got out with towel she again watched me that I watched her in bathroom. I and she both r pretended that we didn't watch our acts.

But I know she is watching and she know I am also watching her acts.

Later she wear her T shirt and jeans .casual wear it is she wears daily in house

She said karna I want to go to supermarket for goods will u drop me at super market with u r bike I said ok for that . She felt happy with that.

I started my bike she sat on bike at only one side her right boob is touching my back again my dick is erected . she incidentally touching my back with her boobs   I understand

Her feeling and I pretended like I didn't observing her .later from return to home she sat

On both sides she incidentally pressed her both boobs towards my back my dick is with a great erection know huh her nipple is penetrating in to my back they got hard rock erection. I feel sexy experience with that touch.

Later we entered in to home she went inside in to kitchen for her work I went into bathroom to take my bath. I masturbated by imagine her boobs and ass. I did very roughly .

After finishing my bath I dressed up to go to college .

Suddenly from inside the kitchen I heard I sound that something is fell on the floor I rushed towards the kitchen .some crockery's are fell down on my sister my sister skid

On floor due to some oil leak.

Neeta is crying and she is help less at that time I cleaned all the dirt on her at that time I touched her boobs lots of time her boobs are so smooth like sponge   I felt happy with that touches.

She is know in her t shirt and jeans. she I asked me to give my hand for help.

I given hand to lift her up. she got up with help of my hand she is know crying with her back pain something is felon her back   I understand that she is pretending . She said that

Plzz take me up to my room I said ok with that  I know she is acting with her pain.

I slowly take her into bed room she fell on me at that time her both boobs are in contact with my shoulder

She slept on bed and said karna plzz give a massage on my back I got a pain.

I realized that she is going to tempting me I said ok for that. I brought a oil

And asked my sister to open her t shirt she said that I will not able to move plzz open my t shirt with u r hands I said ok for that I got erection in my dick .

She slept on her back and then she turned back her back is facing towards me .

Her nice ass is facing towards me I slowly put my hands on her hips to remove her t shirt and folds it remove in up word direction t shirt was struck at her big tits she is still acting that she is suffering with pain.

Then I put my hand on her boobs that is on top of t shirt to lifted her a little up words to remove her t shirt . She moaned slowly like hhhhaa I got a great pleasure with that touch first time I touched her boobs with my hands they r too soft to press, she said nothing for that .

Know she is in her bra only  I was at her back side her boobs r touching her bed.

Know she removed her jeans button and pushed down up to smaller part .

Between her hip and buttock she got a pain she said.

I begin massaging her back she is getting pleasure and moaning slowly. I heard

Her moans she said plzz give me some water I said ok for that and went in to kitchen to take water then I returned she wear her t shirt and jeans. said thanks   I said its ok neeta.

Later she asked me karna plzz don't go college for today becoz I am with back pain plzz help in my works I said ok for that and I guessed something is going to be happen today.

Neeta went in to her room and sleeps in her room  I have a great touch with her boobs today by imagine that I got pleasure with her.

Later I also went to her room and slept beside her in my short I didn't wear underwear incidentally  I pretended that I am in deep sleep after some time something is moving in my shorts I watched what is going on there but I am acting that I am in deep sleep.

Hey that is my sister hand she is moving her hand on my dick my dick is suddenly erected she stunned with that and I awake with that touch .and I asked what happen neeta any problem I asked. she shivered and said yes I got again pained plzz rub my whole back . I said ok for that she said plzz bring that oil I went to bring that oil.

Know she laid on her back her boobs are viewing me  I spread oil over her stomach

And pressed a little bit upper part of stomach she turned back and removed her t shirt

Totally . Then I pored oil on her total back I started rubbing she said bra is disturbing you plzz remove hooks of my bra I said ok and removed hooks of her bra.. know her back is totally naked except her ass   I massage her whole back she suddenly moved front side

And ordered me to rub her stomach again at that time her bra hooks are remove she is on her loose bra. Her boobs are little bit viewing from bra.

She is closed her eyes during my massage . That was her acting that I should watch her boobs

I observed that she is closed her eyes and then I stared at her milky boobs suddenly she opened her eyes and shouted on me karna what r u doing .r u looking at my body she said

I replied nothing for that . She said I AM GOING TO PUNISH U what u watching me from morning I know that  I will punish u in sex. lets start play with me.

She hold my both hands with her hand and kept my hand on her boobs along with her hands I stunned by touching her boobs and she said plzz press them hard play them hard don't leave boobs until I orders u this is u r sex punishment I said ok sister I will do my best. She felt happy with my words   I started pressing her boobs with my hands on bra.

She said plzz remove my bra I dragged her bra from her boobs her milky tits invited me for dinner my hungry is increased .

She said me again if u leave my boobs I will not have sex with u any more.  It increased me more hot. she know sat on the bed she is top less she is In her only jeans she is an eager to take touch with my red hot dick

Suddenly she pushed her hands in to my dick and dragged it out and started playing with that my dick is erected abnormally she wondered by seeing my dick size it is now 9 inches she felt happy with that size and said I want to ride on u r dick I stunned for that

I didn't controlled my self I am in out of control by pressing her boobs .

She said karna first u play wit my tits later I play with u r dick she said

I said ok and started squeezing her boobs I catches her both boobs in my hands and pressed them roughly she is started moaning hhhhhhaaaaa haaaaaaaahahh

Plzz rub me hoooooooo uuuuffssssss I heated with that words I tickled her nipple with my fingers they get rock hard she is moaned loudly plzz suck them I started sucking her boobs and given a great byte to her nipples she screamed and hugged me but I didn't leave her boobs I increased my pressing pressure on her boobs her boobs are swelled in to large boobs they are out of size   I started eating her tits one by one .

By holding her boobs I just entered into her arm pits she has a small forest at that I smelled her arm pits wow a great experience is that she is now moaning and said that plzz

Unbuttons my me karna at that stage I removed her jeans she has underwear I removed her underwear I saw her pussy shaved pink lips.

She got out her sperms on her jeans I too got out my sperms by watching that.

She said hey karna u left by holding boobs that's why I am going to punish u in great manner plzz go and get bath I too coming along with u after that we start fucking in fresh.

Plzz do it fast .both we r cleaned our sperms each other .

Later nakedly we hugged each other in bathroom we cleaned our bodies and nakedly went into bed room.

She has angry with me that I left her boobs when I am opening her jeans she said that\

I will punish u my brother u start lick my pussy and I suck u r cock plzz do it quick she ordered I agreed with that know we r in licking position I started licking her pussy she is sucking my big cock and said my brother how u developed this large cock I didn't hold it in my mouth it is so hot. I replied teena can I fuck u r ass. She stunned and happily hugged my chest is know touching her breasts

. She turned back and given her ass I entered my dick in to her ass she moaned fuckkkk me my brother fuck it hard my ass is waiting for u r dick heat .plzz spoil my ass don't

do it softly I want only rock hard cock hardcore . This words brought my dick encouragement my dick is know fucking her ass fast. She hold the wall for support she

raise her hand and hold the wall for support I am in her back I removed my hand on her hips and place my hands on her boobs she said common haaaaaaaaa hu fuck me rub my boobs press them hard plzz press them karna don't leave them I grabbed her on to bed

know she is bended in front of me she had no support to catch I hold her boobs for support my hands r busy in pressing her tits they r so soft to handle I also moaned huhhhh sister u r giving me great pleasure common encourage me .

she asked me can I suck u r dick plzzz my pussy is waiting for u plzz eat it with u r hungry tongue but I entered my dick in to her pussy she is shouted plzz don't fuck me plzzz karna stop fucking my pussy plzzz karna hhhhaaaaaaa use u r condom

plzz fuck my pussy with condom but I didn't heard her words I started stroking strongly

she is crying and shouted huhhhhhhaaaa plzz leave me plzzzhaaaaaaaa

but I leaved my sperms in to her pussy both we hugged for 1 hour by sucking our bodies

she said I am of u r s know I am u r wife u broken my virginity plzz play with me daily I
im know rubbing her boobs with my dick ..
