Title: Float Trip Fun
Author: bobwhite
Summary: A man who can alter minds and bodies to his own liking goes
on a float trip.
Keywords: MF MFF FF mc

Float Trip Fun
by bobwhite

                          * * * * * * * * * *

Author's note: This is hardly literature you would be reading if you
are offended by graphic descriptions of impossible sex. But, if you
are one of those people, then stop reading now and get back to
whatever site it is you meant to go to.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

Summer float trips are a blast, especially when you're as talented
as I am. Going on a camping and canoeing trip on the 4th of July
weekend, or Labor day, or even Memorial day, means fun for everyone
involved. The river cools you off, the sun gives you a tan, there's
tons of beer, everybody is in various stages of drunkenness, and of
course, it's a total babe-fest.

Where else will you find hot teens and 20-somethings from 4 states
around wearing next to nothing for a whole weekend, unless you go to
the beach? And, beaches are sometimes too public for my tastes. Plus,
I love the river. But, my canoeing talent is, at best, amateur-level.
That's not my talent.

You see, I can control minds, bodies--you name it. I can alter
growth hormones and metabolism to alter a person's whole physique,
and hell, I can even set up mental fields for fun. How did I get this
talent? No real magic was involved, no forbidden ancient Druidic
rituals, no freak lightening-related accidents. I just got it one
day. And, no, no aliens. That's nuts. Let's just say there's things
that go on deep underground by the highest-ranking Illinois state
officials that are best left unsaid. Well, we can also say that if
Wisconsin ever tries to invade Illinois, then about 7 folks like me
will have some fun with those cheese-heads. But I digress.

Take this last Independence Day weekend. There were babes from
hundreds of miles around, all wanting to float, drink, drink, sleep,
drink, float, and drink some more. Well, this year, a kindly DJ and
his buds made it easy for me to have too much fun. They organized a
camp-wide wet T-shirt contest. With about 1200 people camping, this
ensured at least 50 or so super-hot chicks just waiting to show
off... and be "touched" by yours truly.

It started easy enough. Because of my persuasive manner (hehehe), I
was able to stand amidst the 40 or so contestants, each one a work of
art. The first few were typical... a wet shirt, dancing to the music.
Then, one flashed the crowd. The next one took her shirt off. Then
two danced together... when they rubbed their tits together, I
inserted a command that made sure they'd have fun with each other
that night. The next one up, though, took my attention, and, well,
got the party started!

She had dark hair, C-cup tits, stood about 5 foot 8 inches, and a
perfect ass. She started to tease and lift her shirt early, and her
beautifully tanned skin really caught my eye. I let her sway to the
music as I groped the surrounding girls, making some cum on the spot
and giving others slight boob jobs. As she took her shirt off, I got
my first idea. Sending out a command, every girl in the party would
have super-sensitive nipples for... well, forever. It would take only
a couple of minutes of stimulation to cause a huge orgasm. I watched
for the dancer's reaction...

As the crowd cheered her on, she grabbed her titties and lightly
pinched her nipples. Hahaha! She nearly came to her knees at the
sensation! As cold water was poured on, she was visually losing
concentration. At this point, the short, stacked (thanks to me)
blonde girl I was fondling found herself on her knees, pulling down
my shorts. As she did, so did the dancer, much to her surprise. I
could see that she didn't want to go that far, and she looked worried
that she could not stop. But, she kept dancing, trying furiously to
get her hands and body to obey her. Too late, babe, you're the star
attraction, I sent to her. I allowed her to find me, and shot her a
grin. She kicked her shorts off, revealing her red thong.

As the blonde with (now) DD-cup tits (which looked great on her 5
foot 3 inch frame) began to rub my balls and lick my hardening cock,
the girl found herself bending over, giving the audience a great view
of her still-clothed snatch. Then, she reached under herself and
began to rub the crotch with her fingers. I could see the red color
darkening and I knew she was getting turned on. Minutes later, she
assumed the doggie position and, still rubbing herself, reached over
her ass and teased her asshole. I changed the sensation from painful
to the same she'd have rubbing her clit, and her glorious ass began
to gyrate up and down. With the water beading on her beautiful tanned
skin and the girl on my cock having an orgasm every time I pinched
her nipples, I decided to get down to business.

I headed back to my tent, away from the party. But, blondie went up
to the stage. Once I arrived in my tent, I disrobed and laid down on
my air mattress, and took complete control of Julie, the blonde.
Michelle, the one on stage, was still programmed to be masterbating
through her underware. Seeing through Julie's eyes, I commanded
Michelle to stand back up on the raised stage, but to keep dancing.
Then, I/Julie turned around to the crowd and arranged several lucky
nights for the guys around. The girls outnumbered the guys by about
20 or so, so I made sure that the guys who hadn't gotten much lately
get some threesomes. They would all remember this as a wild, drunken
time. I also ensured no "accidents" would occur, and I sent anyone
with a disease to their tent to make sure nobody came out with the
clap, or worse.

As the horny girls milled around looking for their dates for the
night, Julie approached the stage. At my bidding, Michelle squatted
down far enough for Julie to grab her thong with her teeth. Soon, it
was off, and Julie tasted Michelle's sweet, shaved pussy. I/Julie
looked up to see a very confused and slightly afraid Michelle--she
didn't care for girls and could not understand why she was doing
this, why she wasn't stopping it, and why nobody cared what was going
on. Soon, though, Julie's tongue found it's mark on Michelle's clit,
and she began to care less and less. Julie reached up and inserted a
finger in Michelle's sopping twat, and Michelle lubed a finger with
her own spit and reached around and entered her own ass. With her
other hand, she tortured her nipples while Julie did the same to her
own huge boobs. Right as Michelle approached orgasm, though, I
blocked it, and had Julie tell her verbally to get dressed and follow.

By the time they arrived at camp, Michelle was visibly troubled.
Julie was completely under my spell, so when she got to the tent, she
immediately got naked and started orally servicing my raging hard-on.
I turned on the light and had a little talk with Michelle.

"Michelle, you won't scream or draw attention to us, nor will you
try to escape from or hurt me. You will be completely honest and will
do whatever I say. Now, wasn't that fun on stage?

"How are you doing this?" she asked, much quieter than she intended.

"Doing what? You stripped, all I did was made sure you gave everyone
a great show. In a minute or two, we'll fuck and it'll be the best
you've ever had, or will ever have. I'll even pay you."

"I'm not a whore, sir." She was surprised to hear herself call me
sir. "I'm married, my husband's down there now..."

"Your husband is going to be on the bottom of two girls tonight.
It's going to be a fun night with no consequences, I promise. Now off
with your clothes."

"I will not strip for you, I want my husband," she said as her top
and bra came off. "Damn it, stop, please, sir." Off with the shoes
and shorts. I shot another load of arousal at her so hard she nearly
came. "Sir, please, don't make me do this, let me find my husband,
I'm..."

"So horny you've soaked your panties?" I said with a smirk as Julie
just learned how to deep-throat.

"Yesssssss" she said. As soon as she lowered her panties, she was
panting with desire, and when she kicked them off, she exploded into
orgasm. "Ungnhhhhhhhhhh please please let me go..."

"As soon as we fuck. First, let's discuss price. How would you like
me to perfect your body?"

"Whaaaat are you talkinggg about?" she muttered. When I explained
myself, she became skeptical.

"OK, I'll prove it. Look at your left tit." As I said that, it grew
to a DD cup, mismatching the other one. The nipple stood out a full
inch. "Squeeze it 5 times."

She reached up, and just grazing the skin of the one big tit made
her shudder. Then, after squeezing the nipple the 5th time, she came
hard. "Hooowww did you ddooooo thattt?" she slithered, still rubbing
her nipple.

"Does it matter? Do you like it? Name your price. You can't cum
again until you do." At this, I shot a load down Julie's mouth,
causing her to cum so hard she convulsed for a minute or so.

Michelle was trying to get off again, holding her newly huge tit so
she could lick her new nipple with one hand, and fucking herself with
three fingers in her gash (and sneaking one out every now and then to
play with her new clit-like asshole) with the other. She was getting
higher and higher but could not peak. I like to torture them like
this because it's fun to watch, and they get so horny they ask for
things they'd never ask for if they weren't on the verge of orgasm.

Finally, with great effort, she stopped and caught her breath. "Make
them both big, E cups, with nipples just this big. Just then, she
felt a tingling, more so in her small boob than the bigger one. They
began to swell! The skin grew with them so there would be no stretch
marks, and I even improved her muscles to make it possible to carry
them around. "I don't want to have to shave again, either, anything
below my neck." Instantly, the hair atrophied into her system,
leaving smooth skin. "I also want to be able to tighten my snatch
whenever I want, and I want my ass to keep feeling like it is now!"
Granted.

Here, I'd just created a sex machine, and it was time to test-drive
her. I was on my back, and I had Julie mount me-it's only fair, she'd
been sucking on me for 30 minutes or so. Her newly enhanced leg and
ab muscles made her a fucking machine. I had Michelle sit on my face,
facing Julie. I pushed them to kiss and fondle each other, and
between Julie squeezing her nipples (5 times gets and orgasm, boy,
will that be fun for Michelle!) and me sucking her clit, pussy, and
licking her asshole, she came a dozen times before I shot my load
into Julie. At my prompting, they both began to clean off my cock
with their tongues.

"Can I go now?" Michelle asked when she gathered her senses enough
to remember her situation.

"We haven't fucked yet." Then, against her will, she crawled on top
of a prone Julie and sat on her face. Looking at the beautiful pussy
she was about to eat, she began to protest. "No no no I don't like
girls letmmmfff" was all she got out before her mouth landed on
Julie's waiting snatch, completing the 69 with Michelle on top. Soon,
they were both lapping each other, using fingers, grunting,
sweating... damn! I really should bring a camera next time. Quietly,
I snuck up behind Michelle and entered her quivering cunt.

"Ughhhhh!" she moaned, and quickly clamped down on my cock. With
Julie at her clit, Michelle was cumming so fast that the orgasms were
blending together. After a few minutes, though, I pulled out and put
my head at the entrance to her tight rosebud. My cock was soaked with
her juices, and because of her asshole's new sensation (that of a
clit!), she began to beg for it. So, I rammed it home, causing her
and Julie to scream in orgasm. Then I started the motion, and had
Julie ram 4 fingers in Michelle's clam. At this point, I blocked all
of their orgasms and tied them into mine.

After 5 minutes of tight ass-fucking, I let loose a load of cum on
Michelle's back. Just then, they all screamed in erotic delight.
Later in the night, I sent the two on thier way, and John--Michelle's 
husband--was sent a command via Michelle to accept and
understand the new changes in his wife. She'd have a long and lust-
filled career in the stripping industry. Not as glamorous as her
current office job, but much more lucrative.

The next day, most of the campsites were packing up. Each girl
retained her hyper-sensitive nipples (though not to the extent of
Michelle), pussies, and would have the same ass-fucking sensations as
Michelle now had. As nearby naked teenage girls campers packed my
truck for me, each one taking a turn sucking my cock, I reflected on
this float trip and how much better the lives I affected would be.
When I blew my wad in the 7th girl's mouth, they all came, and then
got dressed and went to their campsite. As they left, I learned that
they were staying for a week, and as soon as they got to their tent,
well, let's just say that they'd get a great idea: daisy chain!

I snuck in on one of the teens, observing through her eyes but not
controlling her. They had already forgotten blowing me and packing my
gear, but as soon as they got to their tent, they all gasped as their
budding titties each grew to a full D cup! Then, they swooned and
began to rub themselves in all the right places, getting instantly
horny, but not knowing why. I sent them all an orgasm after several
minutes--little did they know that from now on, anytime any girl
ever entered their tent, they'd get super-horny and would fuck anyone
who they saw.

Within minutes, two of them 69ed. Then, a third wanted in, and the
chain began! After a couple of minutes, each girl had her head buried
in the pussy right before her, lapping at the slit, rubbing the clit
with their thumbs, and inserting as many fingers as would fit. Anal
probing soon followed, and they fucked for the next hour or so. I
sent a final command to camp often in that tent and to invite boys
whenever they could.

Go on a float trip, folks. It's loads of fun.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2002, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.