Ffion's summer camp
by EthanDalton123 

I don't know how long I lay there, curled into a tight ball in a pool of my own making.

I flinched when I felt a hand stroking my bare shoulder, but it was only Adam, brushing my blonde hair to one side.

I pushed him away, twisting around and awkwardly sitting up, an arm in its usual position across my breasts. I struggled to my bare feet, slipping in my puddle and eliciting more laughter from the watching crowd.

"W-what the fuck is wrong with you?" I spat at Adam with as much venom as I could, but it came out as a high-pitched squeak. "Out of my way, I'm taking a shower," I declared, pushing past Adam and marching to the bathroom...which I had forgotten was locked.

I jumped as Adam stepped up behind me and stroked my bare back; utterly degrading had clearly given him the confidence to touch me.

"Get the fuck away from me!" I shrugged him off. "Open this door."

"Only if I can see your-" he began, eyes fixed on his heart's desire.

"How many times, you're not seeing my tits!"

"Fine, your shorts, then."

I didn't even want to think about what Adam was going to do with them, and I wanted to get them off as soon as possible. So one handed, I awkwardly peeled the ruined garment down my sticky legs, kicking them away after untangling them from my feet. My free hand immediately slammed between my legs, but I knew they had seen. I just had to hope that they weren't old enough to fully understand what they had seen.

Adam pulled out a key and finally allowed me access to the bathroom.

"Take as long as-" Adam started to say, but I slammed the door in his face and locked it. My emotions were threatening to overwhelm me, but I couldn't let that happen yet.

Stepping into the shower, I yanked the temperature dial to the lowest possible setting, started up the spray and sank to the floor. Only then, when the sound of running water blocked out everything to any potential eavesdroppers, I let it all out.

Why was this happening to me? Why did Adam have to choose me to humiliate? I thought Adam would have pulled one of his standard pranks on me that night, not forced me to wet myself!

Drawing my legs close to my torso, I buried my face in my hands and sobbed, tears squeezing between my fingers and mixing with the shower water. I would have loved nothing more than to stay there forever, but I eventually, I uncurled my legs, rose to my feet and turned off the shower. I don't know how long I'd been in there, but I hoped Adam's friends had all left. It was very late, after all.

I stepped out onto the tiled floor, hugging myself and shivering violently. I rolled my eyes as I looked around the small room; of course there weren't any towels...or in fact anything I could use to dry myself.

I padded over to the door, and with my one arm cradling my breasts, I opened it...before immediately slamming it shut.

Adam was stood on the other side of it, grinning excitedly.

"You look a bit cold, Ffion! Would you like a towel?"

I was about to answer in the affirmative, but quickly bit back my words. No doubt he would use this as another attempt to clap eyes on my breasts and even if he didn't, I knew he'd see it as a victory if I accepted his offer.
But there was something more to it. Was I...enjoying this?

"No, I'm fine, thanks," I said, opening the door and stepping confidently out...or as confidently as one can be with an arm across their chest and the other hand between their legs.

Most of Adam's friends had gone, just those sharing his cabin remained; and all of them were staring open mouthed at me.

And why wouldn't they? They were excited, teenage boys; and I was a naked, barefoot, soaking wet, freezing cold, shivering, beautiful and embarrassed young woman.

"W-what's w-wrong, boys?" I asked coolly, my teeth chattering. "Never seen a naked girl before?"

Ignoring them, I shuffled over to the sofa, slumped down onto it and turned on the TV, curling my legs close to my torso. It didn't matter what was on TV, I just had to put on a brave face and act as if being stark naked and fresh from a cold shower in front of a bunch of boys didn't phase me. I knew I should find some cover, but my pulse was racing and I was no longer thinking straight.

After a while, Adam was brave enough to approach. Sitting down gingerly next to me, he reached out and tentatively stroked my wet, bare foot. When I didn't push him away, his fingers explored my ankle and calf.

My chest was heaving beneath my arm. It was so fucking cold, Adam's fingers like ice on my skin...but fuck, was it-

I had to bite my lip to stop me moaning and it took all of my willpower not to plunge the fingers protecting my pussy deep inside it. Adam's fingers were nearly at my knee...I was going to explode-

Suddenly, Adam withdrew.

"Look, Ffion...err...we're going to go to bed now. There's a free bed if you want it, or you can have your towel and clothes back if you want to go back to your room."

I'd never heard Adam be so polite with me. He was surely too young to understand what my body had been doing, but he was clrsly unnerved by it.

As I uncurled my frustrated body and slipped myself under the bed sheets, I started to come to my senses. What was I doing?! I'd nearly let a little kid make me cum! And why had I just climbed into a bed naked and soaking wet when I'd just been offered the thing I craved?!

The bed sheets were already damp and I had to hug myself tightly to retain whatever heat I could in my frozen body. Plus, if my hands weren't kept busy, they would drive me to a loud and violent orgasm, which even in my aroused state I knew wouldn't be a good idea.

I knew I should leave. I knew I could leave. Fully clothed. In panties, bra, shorts, t-shirt, shoes and socks. There would be a lot of awkward questions if I was spotted leaving the cabin the following morning.

But I stayed. In the morning, I would have to be awake sensible, mature adult again.

But for now, I would bathe in the eroticism of my new found, twisted fetish.


