Luna vs. The Camp
byViredae©

Luna vs. The Camp Ch. 05

The trek back to our cabin was fairly uneventful, or it was, for the most part, as it wasn't exactly normal, for starters, despite agreeing to let Rebecca off the hook, Jackie and Kaylee decided halfway back home that they really wanted Rebecca to get naked again, for no good reason.

And so I stood there watching the two girls basically "bully" Rebecca out of her swimsuit, and I say it like that because Rebecca's only protests were to say "no, guys, please stop." Once, and nothing else, she didn't even look distraught or nervous as Kaylee untied her top and Jackie pulled down the bottoms, she looked a bit shy when she was standing there naked, but that was it, we continued walking as if nothing was wrong.

What surprised me the most was that I wasn't given the same treatment, the focus was solely on Rebecca at this point, and by the time we got home, she was not only naked, but had her hands tied behind her back with her own swimsuit and her nipples, ass, and clit had received a healthy dose of fondling and spanking, she looked ready to explode and I was admittedly jealous.

We reached the cabins, and to Rebecca's great relief, nobody was outside to witness her nudity, she tried to bolt towards the cabin door, bit Kaylee grabbed hold of the swimsuit still binding her hands, she came to a dead halt and Kaylee whispered:

"Okay Becky, you want to get in, you have to sit down on the cabin porch and masturbate for us." Kaylee sounded like so many of the girls that "tormented" me throughout my adventures, but the main difference was the grins on everyone's faces; these weren't the wicked grins I got when I was ordered around, these were excited grins, and most importantly, everyone had that grin on their face, including Rebecca.

Rebecca, who despite looking like she was about to do this of her volition not too long ago, decided to resist one last time:

"C'mon guys, don't make me do this!" Was said with the tone of someone who was threatening punishment, and not one of pleading mercy.

"Tell you what, if you do it, we'll make sure Luna gets it even worse," Kayle turned to me, and I felt my clit swell three sizes.

"You want revenge, don't you?" Jackie goaded the naked girl further, undoing the swimsuit bindings that kept her hands behind her back.

Rebecca didn't speak, she just bit her lower lip and backed up onto the porch, she sat down, a glazed and dreamy look on her face as she let her just freed hand snake down her body and tickled her clit for an immediate shuddering reaction.

Rebecca's hand was a blur, she was furiously masturbating from the first second, and she did so without breaking eye contact with me for a moment, she looked me in the eye as the long-overdue orgasm hit her like a lightning bolt, her body spasmed and juices squirted out onto the porch's front path.

I'll be honest, I was more than ready to explode at this point after watching Rebecca's show, and I nearly did when the two girls turned to me with expectant eyes.

"I guess Luna will be doing something more fun now." Kaylee put her hands in her pockets, looking pleased with herself.

"Actually, do you guys think I could sit the rest of the day out?" Rebecca, panting for breath now, seemed well and truly spent after all of today's excitement.

"Are you sure? Watching us play with Luna will be a lot of fun!" Jackie teased, but Rebecca did not have the energy to respond, she merely shook her head.

"Okay then," A look of mixed empathy and disappointment crossed Jackie's face before turning to me "c'mon you, we'll find a good spot for you to spend your punishment."

And so we left Rebecca, still naked on the front porch of our cabin and walked somewhere else, we passed a few of the boys' cabins, which got me a bit nervous as I wondered if they'd expose me to more boys, but we walked past those as well.

Eventually, we came to stand in front of a slightly bigger cabin than the ones we students were using, and I realized that these were the counselor cabins, I was definitely nervous now.

"Well Luna, let's get you ready for your punishment." Kaylee, who was standing right behind me, took hold of my top's drawstrings and gently tugged on them as they got progressively looser, in the end, the only thing holding that top-up was Kaylee's hand pulling it back against my breasts, up until she let the strings go and my breasts bounced into view of the cabin.

Kayle did not waste time or even care about how scary it was for me to stand in front of the counselor cabins topless, in fact, it wasn't even just that, I was wearing nothing but a skimpy bikini bottom, and even that cover was now in jeopardy as Kaylee's hands moved down, brushing against the bare skin of my midriff to reach one side of the strings holding up my last piece of clothing.

With a few swift tugs, the last cover I had was whisked away as I was left standing stark naked in front of the counselor cabins, I could feel my nipples stiffen in the cold air and my clit peeking out of its hood with my mounting arousal.

"On with the show, Luna." I heard Kaylee whisper from behind me, no doubt they were positioning themselves in the best possible location, hidden away from me.

I wasted no time letting my hands do what they do best, in fact, I didn't even bother to sit or lie down, I began playing with myself as I stood there, the usual hand on one breast and one down teasing my clit, the combination that always got me going, and it was extra effective out here in the open, where I stood in plain sight for anyone to see.

It took no time at all for the fingers teasing my clit to find their way deep into my now wet pussy, two fingers slipped inside with practically no resistance at all, I was now pumping away inside my pussy as the other hand pulled and mauled at my breasts, hoping to extract the maximum amount of pleasure possible.

I closed my eyes, letting my mind drift away in the ecstasy of my impending climax, I could feel it coming on. Approaching! Building!

"What the hell do you think you're doing!?" I opened my eyes as I'd just been slapped in the face, in front of me was a dark-skinned girl with long black hair and nicely shaped physique, she was the color of caramel under the dim cabin outdoor lights, and then it occurred to me that these observations were my brain working under the effects of my heightened lust, the more pertinent piece of information was that she was a counselor.

And I'd just been caught naked and masturbating right outside her cabin, I froze, I should have run, but I froze.

The girl leaned, squinting at something behind me.

"You two come out of there, I think I wanna talk to you too." I was slowly regaining my senses, and with it, my panic, would I get thrown out? Will she call my parents and tell them that I've been doing the same thing that got me put into this camp in the first place?

Out from behind me Jackie and Kaylee stepped forward, they stood right next to me, heads hanging in shame and bodies shrunk in fear.

"You girls are going to come inside right now and explain yourselves to us, or we will be contacting your guardians." Only now did I notice the girl's Latin accent she pointed at the open cabin door, faint light seeping out from the opening, the three of us trepidatiously marched into the cabin.

The place was similar to our own cabin, except this one had a separate living room, not surprising as there were a couple more counselors living here as well, I knew about that bit because all six other counselors were sitting on the couches waiting for a report on the situation, along with the one who caught us, there was a total of three girls and three guys here, eyes widened as a naked girl was marched in front of them.

"I guess we had some pranksters outside." One of the male counselors asked the one who brought us in, she confirmed his suspicions.

"What were they doing out there?" A female counselor asked, half eager and half incredulous at my state.

"This one was standing in front of the cabin getting her rocks off." The Latina counselor smacked my ass harshly, I couldn't help but jump in place "and I assume the other two were sitting back and watching her."

Whistles and exclamations of surprise came from the group in front of me, I could feel their eyes devour every inch of my body.

"Grace, please don't take it out on Luna, it was our idea and we talked her into it." Kaylee tried to come to my rescue and shift the blame off of me, but I don't think that was a good idea, since it only seemed to get her and Jackie into trouble.

"Well that's good to know, because now I can call all three of your parents and tell them their kids and sex-crazed idiots." The Latina counselor who I assume is Grace snapped back at Kaylee, she let the anger hang in the air for a few seconds before narrowing her eyes "unless..."

Wait.

Is what I'm thinking about to happen actually happening?

"Maybe we should take matters into our own hands?" Another one of the male counselors suggested, he was sizing me up, I couldn't believe my ears!

I didn't dare move, either to hide or expose myself any further, I wasn't even sure if this was some kind of misunderstanding, but one thing for sure, I could feel my slowly fading arousal turn right around and start climbing anew.

"That's an idea, what do you girls think, you want your parents to know, or do you want to take your chances with us?" Grace crossed her arms and stood there waiting for our answer, she didn't seem the least bit doubtful of our agreement, since none of us wanted our parents called, and we probably won't be doing anything we wouldn't have done ourselves to begin with; this was essentially their implicit approval of our behavior, provided it was kept supervised.

The three of us looked at each other, we all realized what this meant, and it was apparent that none of us even gave this question a second thought as Jackie turned back to the counselors and gave our collective response:

"What do we have to do?"

"Well, you first need to be punished for how you treated your friend here, so you should experience what she felt." The girls froze, looking back at Grace, who made herself more clear "Strip!"

I stood there watching my friends slowly peel away their swimsuits, it was only a minute before they were in the same state I was in, completely naked and clearly horny, by the look of their hardened nipples and moisture between their legs.

"Damn!" the male counselor who'd asked Grace about us made his opinion heard, and I could feel my shame rising, and it wasn't just me, I could tell Kaylee was shrinking on the spot and Jackie was blushing from head to toe.

"Luna was it? Come sit with us, sweety." One of the female counselors sitting on a couch with the male counselor patted a small opening in the seat between them, I didn't want to agitate any of the people who were practically holding my friends hostage.

I walked over and sat down, squeezing myself between the two.

"I'm Jeanne, he's Kevin, by the way." She introduced the two of them to me, I said Hi as I shrunk back into the seat and tried my best to cross my legs and cover everything, I half expected her to tell me off and make me sit straight with my hands at my sides, but that didn't happen.

"Ok girls, one of you will unlock your phone and give it to me." Grace shouted out and clapped, Kaylee and Jackie looked at each other in disbelief and then back at Grace, who didn't seem to appreciate the hesitation "Come on, you didn't think this young lady needed any privacy out there, you should have no trouble doing the same thing in here."

Kaylee handed her phone to Grace after unlocking, and after a minute of tapping through it, she played the video of me masturbating against the watchtower that was taken by Rebecca.

"I guess we know what your punishment is, ladies." Grace turned around again, she still had the phone in hand, not intent on giving it back just yet.

The girls couldn't really argue with her, and so they reluctantly let their hands slowly creep down to their unmentionables, they'd seen me do it quite a few times now, and I assume that's why they both had a hand on a breast and the other down below flicking their clits.

It was then that I felt a pair of hands on my knees, Jeanne and Kevin had each grabbed one and started pulling them apart, I didn't resist, and found my legs draped on each of their own, Jeanne took the hand I had covered my pussy and guided my middle finger to my clit, she pressed down and let go, I gasped and couldn't help myself, that finger started moving without even thinking, seeing that, Kevin took the breast nearest to him and started kneading it and tweaking my nipple, I took care of the other one with my free hand.

Perhaps they were going slower than Grace thought was adequate since she let out another pair of sharp claps and shouted "move it!", the girls basically arrived at that conclusion and sped up their hands, Jackie was now fingering herself in a quick and rhythmic fashion, she looked over at me and saw my state, and I could swear she picked up the pace yet again.

Jeanne began nibbling at my ear and Kevin bent down to take my nipple in his mouth, now both Jackie and Kaylee were staring right at me, and I could feel an orgasm coming on.

I was fairly hazy at that point, but I remember seeing Kaylee look to Grace and, with a shocked face, suddenly begin moaning harder, and before long her knees began to tremble as her orgasm hit her, Jackie was soon after, and I was so engrossed in watching my friends masturbate, I had missed Grace holding the phone and filming them as their knees buckled beneath them.

Then I realized, no, she wasn't just filming them, she was also filming me, my first thought was to stop and pretend I was just covering my pussy, then, as my mind was suddenly putting together all the details it had ignored, it had realized that my fingers that were playing with my nipple were already deep inside of me, and Jeanne had taken their place with her mouth, and the last detail was that I was now about to cum. Hard.

It was too late, I didn't notice how intoxicated I was by pleasure and that my masturbate had ramped up, and now I couldn't stop, I couldn't stem the tidal wave of pleasure that began crashing all over my body, I was cumming like never before, and Grace was getting it all on Kaylee's phone.

"Now, before we move on, I'm sending this video over to my phone," Grace told the three of us, still spent from our orgasms, and I concluded that unlike my friends, this video was not going to be used solely to enhance my experience.

"Now, I know for a fact that this young lady here came to the camp because she continuously exposed herself in public," Grace walked up to me and dragged me up from the couch, I instinctively reached out to cover up, but was told to put my arms at my sides, Grace turned back to my friends, now feeling even more self-conscious than before, a significant feat "kind of like she was doing earlier, so I know it wasn't all the two of you's doing."

All three of us were shrinking where we sat, now even our excuse was exposed, this wasn't a poor girl being strongarmed into humiliating herself, this was three perverted girls getting their rocks off with exhibitionist acts.

"Now, we already established you'll do what we say as long as we don't tell your parents, and this was supposed to be your punishment," Grace's twisting of the truth really hit hard, I just came but I was already horny for more already, it was the same familiar feeling I got whenever my old rival would take charge "but I get the sense you enjoyed this little 'punishment', so I don't think this should count, do you?"

Grace asked the pointless question to her peers, who all agreed without hesitation.

"Then here's what I propose, I think I'm fine taking your clothes as payment, what do you girls think?" Grace asked Jeanne and the other girl, who both agreed with applause, a few of Jackie and Kaylee's clothes were tossed over to them.

"Well, what about us?" Kevin spoke up, the other two boys nodding along, they didn't get any clothes from Grace, and in my experience, this had a very specific meaning.

"Well, I don't want to force them to do something they aren't comfortable with, so I'll leave it up to them to decide," the boys booed, half mockingly since they seemed to agree with Grace, I don't think any of them wanted this to get out of hand and get them into trouble.

I looked at Jackie and Kaylee, who seemed at a loss of what to do, I felt I should take one for the team since this wasn't my first time doing it:

"I'm okay giving oral..." I barely managed to mutter out, but Kevin, who was right next to me heard me loud and clear.

"You'll give out blowjobs? Really?" he said almost in disbelief, but I could see the excitement on his face.

"Well you're fine with it, but I don't think your friends are." Grace motioned at Kaylee and Jackie, who were shocked at my forwardness; I told them a lot about what I had done, but there was a difference between saying it and doing it, and especially being this forward about it.

"I can do all three..." I could tell that everyone was taken aback now, I wondered if I crossed some sort of line when Jackie interjected:

"No! I'll do it too!" She could barely control her panicky voice, but she wasn't going to back down now.

"Me too!" Kaylee, who debated the decision a little before, stepped up as well.

"Well, that's what I call sisterhood." Grace laughed and shrugged "But remember, you agreed to this, and you can back out at any time, so no complaining afterward."

And so the three of us found ourselves on our knees, each in front of a now unzipped boy and a rock hard penis staring them in the face, for me, it was Kevin's honestly impressive eight-inch cock.

I started licking, and soon taking the large shaft into my mouth, I wasn't sure how good my blowjobs were, but boys seemed to like them enough, and soon after I started bobbing my head back and forth, I could tell Kevin was nearing his edge; our show from earlier didn't give these boys much room endurance-wise.

That's when I felt Jeanne's hands reaching over and playing with my hanging tits, she mauled and pinched away as lips and tongue continued sliding over Kevin's cock, her hand eventually strayed away down my body and over to my pussy, as I felt her fingers tickle my already drenched lower lips.

I didn't have the luxury of looking around to see Kaylee and Jackie earlier, but after a while, I could hear the grunts from the two other boys just as I heard Kevin informing me of his climax, I attempted to move my head away but his hands suddenly pushed back against my head, I didn't fight it, I let the cum fill my mouth as I swallowed it whole.

Kevin's dick slowly softened and went limp, I gave it a little cleanup and let it flop out, I saw that both Kaylee and Jackie were now sporting facials, Grace handed them a tissue box and told them to get up and stand back where they did a while ago, then ushered me over as well.

"So girls, what have we learned today?" She told us as she handed Kaylee her phone back.

"Don't masturbate in front of the councilor's cabin?" Jackie, still wiping semen off her face, ventured a sheepish guess, and I could hear Jeanne stifling a laugh.

"Good guess, and good advice in general, but no points for partial answers," Grace pulled out her phone this time and waved it in front of everyone "You shouldn't do that because you might get caught and even blackmailed into doing whatever they want, even if you don't want to.

"Now I won't be doing that, but you will be heading back to your cabin naked, and you won't be getting these clothes anytime soon, now get lost."

The three of us scurried away out of the councilor's cabin, still fully naked, though once outside, I remembered that the girls had taken the bikini I was wearing before I got here, and as I had guessed, there it was in the bushes.

My find, however, may have caused me more trouble than I thought, since as soon as I raised the swimsuit up had it been snatched from my hands by Kaylee.

"I'll be taking that." Kaylee proclaimed, and I was about to say something until I felt Jackie grab my hands and hold them behind my back, before long I found myself tied up with the very bikini I was wearing earlier "A little payback for making us suck some dicks,"

I was worried I might have pressured my friends into something they didn't want to do, but as far as I could tell, they both seemed fairly amicable about this, in all honesty, I think this would have happened regardless.

Of course, my friends couldn't seem to contain themselves with me as easy prey in front of them, and I just remembered that they did the exact same thing to Rebecca earlier tonight as they began fondling every inch of my body.

Our journey home was uneventful save for a near climax or two on my part, something I stupidly brought on myself by telling the girls that I was close, and thus causing them to stop, not wanting to give me the pleasure of release.

Jackie knocked on the cabin's door, and up came Rebecca, now dressed again and quite shocked by how the three fairly dressed girls she left earlier have returned naked, one of which had her hands tied.

Rebecca gave way and told us to sit on the couch, her curiosity piqued, the three of us were quite spent, and while I was quite horny thanks to the other two's efforts, I could tell they were also in a similar state.

After a little questioning of our current state, Rebecca seemed to have a lightbulb moment, she pulled out her phone and began talking to me:

"Hey Luna, why don't you tell me what happened to you and the girls?" She asked.

"Well..." I started to recollect the events from earlier, but before I could even start, Rebecca interrupted me:

"Oh, one more thing, remember how you said this couch felt good when we first got here?" Rebecca's phone was pointed in our direction, she was recording us now.

"... Yeah?" I had a hunch where this was going, I don't know if I could keep the grin off my face anymore, I probably didn't have the willpower to do so anymore, I was completely under the mercy of Rebecca's whims at this point.

"Well, it seems the girls wanted to see if it really felt that good, so does it, girls?" she asked Jackie and Kaylee, who also saw where this was going and nodded "then I'd like you to show me... Show everyone how good it feels while you tell the story."

I don't know about anyone else, but having to tell a story about how I was humiliated, used and blackmailed while being humiliated, used and blackmailed by someone else really made me tingle, but I guessed that Kaylee and Jackie agreed, since we all had received the same message and were now playing with ourselves and telling our story to Rebecca.

I can't quite remember what happened the rest of the night, but I can guarantee that I had more than one orgasm, and I wasn't the only one. 


Luna vs. The Camp Ch. 06

Luna is forced to take charge.

After the rollercoaster of yesterday's string of events, I was almost glad that today started so calmly, nobody got naked as soon as they got out of bed, and even though Jackie caught me as I got out of the shower and squeezed one of my boobs on her way in, nothing especially titillating happened up to breakfast.

After and even during breakfast, however, was a completely different matter; during the busy chatter of the cafeteria, Rebecca proposed something I never would have imagined or even asked for:

"What do you think everyone? Since Luna's always getting naked, let's have a day where she's the only one dressed." I felt my spoon nearly slip out of my hands; they wanted me to stay dressed, and for them to be naked!?

Maybe it's because of my own experiences coloring my judgment, but it seemed like I was the only one shocked by this proposal.

"Sounds like a fun idea, she has to be the one to tell us what to do." Jackie didn't seem to mind the idea, in fact she seemed very open to it.

"I dunno..." While not surprised, Kaylee was still apprehensive at the idea "If anyone can take us to task and embarrass us, it'd be Luna, I don't know if we're in her league yet."

I didn't know if I should take that as a jab or a compliment, but it was true, if anyone knew what the best way to humiliate someone was, it'd be me on account of probably having experienced it firsthand at some point.

I was honestly conflicted about this, not only because of how gung-ho the others were but because I honestly didn't think much about making the other girls strip.

If given the choice, I would have rather been the only one naked in the group, that's the scenario I secretly fantasize about over and over.

But I had to be honest, that and the way things were progressing with the girls, I couldn't possibly deprive them of this chance, seeing how they offered to do this themselves, I knew how intoxicating these situations could be, and so I felt supporting my friends was the right thing to do.

"I've actually never had anyone ask me to strip them before, that's different." I agreed and nodded timidly, my conviction aside, it still felt awkward to put myself in that position.

"But you'll do it!?" Jackie tried to confirm, but I realized that I did not outright say it.

"Okay, yeah, I'll do it." I somewhat talked myself into it, and almost as if the universe was responding, I looked up and noticed that the last group of people was leaving the cafeteria; we were all alone now, and even the kitchen staff were gone "In fact, let's start right now."

I got up, and everyone's eyes followed me to a table at the center of the cafeteria, I patted the top of it, and everyone understood my message, climbing and standing on top of the table, I simply stood there with my arms crossed and watched as the girls shuffled sheepishly at first, then began to undress.

Soon enough, I had three hot girls naked on a table in front of me, and it seemed to me that they were all a bit nervous; not only did they just strip naked, they had done so in the middle of such a public place like the cafeteria, I smiled, more due to putting myself in their shoes, I knew this was so exciting for them and I honestly wanted to be in their place, but this time it's my turn to be the boss.

"Hands on your heads, Give me a twirl," I said, feeling my own loins tingle as I gave the command, channeling the best versions of all the domineering people who knew that I would strip and obey their every whim.

The three naked girls spun in place, displaying their tight and beautiful asses to me, their exposed breasts and, I was noticing, their dampening crotches.

Good grief, was it always this obvious that I was wet when I was naked? Were all my protestations and pretensions against all the stripping and humiliation that transparent?

Did everyone know that I enjoyed every second of my adventures the second they saw something like this?

"Are you girls alright?" I asked knowingly, and I got the response I expected, a bunch of ums and ahs, not wanting to answer, or not able to answer, not in this situation, being naked among friends and as a result of playing a game is vastly different from being naked out in the open because someone commands it.

"You have to tell me, I don't want to force you to do something you're unwilling to do, you can quit at any time, but I can't just guess if you're enjoying this." I lied, I could clearly see how horny the three naked girls in front of me were, I specifically wanted to see their embarrassed faces as they admitted to me how much they enjoyed being naked.

"I... I like it." Rebecca was, surprisingly, the first to speak up, she seemed to squirm a little, judging from my experience, she probably felt a rush of pleasure as her loins stirred in response to her admission.

"Yeah..." Kaylee's response came soon after.

"Yeah, me too...." Jackie's came almost the same time Kaylee's did.

Everyone's faces reflected the realization of what they admitted, the exposure at such a public place, one where anyone could walk in on us and see three naked and horny girls standing on the cafeteria table, and best of all, I could probably convince them to keep going from there.

"Great, now can you guess what you girls have to do?" I asked, the girls' stares were meekly pointed downwards, but their expressions were anything but, they knew what they would have to do, and they wanted to do it, but none of them answered "I wasn't being rhetorical, you know."

"We have to masturbate?" Jackie answered, her tone as sheepish as her gaze, and I grinned, nodding:

"Yup, but see, there's a twist, the last one to orgasm gets a little forfeit."

Even now I couldn't shake the sensation that I was having a weird dream, I was stripping girls naked, taking away their clothes, making silly excuses as to why they have to listen to me, and they'd just nod along dumbly and do as I say regardless of how crazy the demands I make get.

At this point, I was just imagining what would turn me on the most and making them do it. It worked like a charm and it seems to keep these girls excited just as much as it worked on me.

The girls sat down at the edge of the table and spread their legs wide open, and now the glimpse of moisture I had seen before was laid before me in the form of wetness that was as clear as the sun in the July sky.

I really wasn't fooling anyone, was I, they all knew and they all played along because they could all see how I enjoyed my own humiliation even more than they enjoyed inflicting it upon me.

The girls were moaning now, none of them were timid enough to simply toy with their clits, all three had fingers pumping away in and out of their pussies, backs were arching, and lips were being bitten, I bet if all the other kids came back here these sluts wouldn't even notice it... Nah, they would, they'd catch a hint of it, they'd know everyone was watching and they would look the crowd in the eyes, and they'd have the biggest orgasm of their lives.

How could they not? Those were MY best orgasms.

The first to climax was Becky, her hips lifted off the table as her voice suddenly vanished and her fingers slipped out of her drenched folds, she immediately started to furiously massage her clit as juices came gushing out in long streams, I had to dodge to avoid getting wet... Or at least, not appear wet if you know what I mean.

The two girls still in the race caught a glimpse of this as they did their best not to slow down, but it was clear that this amazing sight only served to fuel their own approach to orgasm.

The winner of the two was Jackie, her breasts jiggled as she pounded away at a pussy now spurting out liquid in between pumps of her fingers, her hand was soaking wet by the time the waterworks stopped.

I told Rebecca to stop Kaylee's hand the moment I saw juices flowing out of Jackie's pussy, I did not want the girl to cum... yet, and Rebecca pounced, Kaylee was humping the air in no time flat.

"Well Kaylee, you're the big loser here, in more ways than one." I could see the frustration on the dark-skinned girl's face, how much of it was due to her loss, and how much was it her itching to just cum on the spot.

I walked over to one corner of the cafeteria and grabbed one of the waste bins, and presented it to Kaylee, who seemed mystified by what I intended her to do, though I believe my excitement rightly made her worry as I explained, jerking my chin towards the pile of clothing:

"Those aren't your clothes anymore, they belong in the trash, don't worry though, half of the stuff I do isn't as exciting if you know that you can get dressed at any moment... Or at all, for that matter" I explained the reason behind why she'd have to throw her clothes away, and once again, Kaylee, still timid but excited by the idea of losing her clothes permanently, gathered her own clothes and tossed them into the bin.

I honestly was surprised myself, I thought for sure that Kaylee would quit by this point, that she'd beg me to let her keep her clothes on, and I'd respond by making her cum in a more humiliating fashion, but she was willing to go through with this, and for some reason, this boldness coming from my friends only turned me on even harder.

And so I considered what would my old "rival", Kim, do in this situation, and it hit me, she'd make up some challenges that would make me humiliate myself even further, and dangle a false hope of getting back at her should I win, and so I thought to do the same, except my hope wouldn't be false, after all, I had to at least try to get stripped yet again, it's only fitting.

"So the next challenge for you girls is as follows, you know the stage we're meant to use for outdoor assemblies they have near the lake?" The girls nodded nervously, waiting for me to explain the challenge "you girls have to grab your phones and streak all the way over there, and the two losers will have to masturbate again, this time the orgasms will be recorded by the winners."

I could see the girl's eyes widen, that place was most likely empty at the moment since no activities were planned with it, but it was still out in the open and it was still midday, meaning anyone who stumbles upon the sight of these three girls streaking will most likely be there while they do their forfeits, but I wasn't done yet:

"And just to reward the girls who won this time even further, Jackie, you can have your panties back, and Becky can have her underwear and bra too." I saw Becky and Jackie breathe a sigh of relief, but Kaylee wasn't too happy with this.

"Come on, this is so unfair for me, you gotta give me something!" Kaylee whined, but I was glad she said this, I wanted to give her an out.

"Ok if you come in first place, not only do you not have to masturbate, you can even wear the clothes of the last one of us three in exchange." There it was, a way to get me naked and her hope to not be completely humiliated, I wasn't going to rig this game or anything, I wanted her to have a fair shot, that's more often than not a lot fairer than I got later on when I started having trouble finding things to wear.

"So if I win, I can even get YOUR clothes?" Kaylee wanted to confirm the terms I laid out, and I nodded "right there at the stage, no waiting until we get back or anything?"

I nodded yet again, Kaylee hesitated for a moment, thinking about the deal, in the meantime, Becky and Jackie had given their approval of this challenge, so it was all up to Kaylee's agreement.

"Ugh, fine, I'll do it, I'll streak to the stage." Kaylee buckled, and all three of us got this bright glint in our eyes, the game was on.

Not saying anything, I bolted towards the door, the last thing I saw of the girls was the stunned expression on their faces, not realizing that the game had started, and the last thing I heard before I was out of the cafeteria was a loud but not too malicious "YOU BITCH!"

Now I'll be honest, it didn't occur to me how advantageous this contest was for me; I WAS on the track and field team, after all, sure I'd lost that bet against Kim nearly a year ago, but I had my suspicions that I wasn't running at full performance back then, I'd had that pointed out to me at the time, but I kinda felt it was true now that I was in this camp and feeling the wind hitting me as my legs sprinted full force down the path leading to the stage.

The way to the stage wasn't especially roundabout, I had picked the stage because it was, well, a stage, it was a very public, elevated, and open space that would maximize the humiliation of the forfeit, but it was also very close to the cafeteria with very little in between the two spots.

With that said, I had run into a couple of people on the way, and I heard the exclamations and surprised gasps from behind me as I rushed down the path, I tried to imagine the scenes that were playing behind me, Becky blushing as red as her hair as she tried her best to catch up with the other two in the rear, Jackie's breasts bouncing wildly as she tried to catch up to Kaylee in the lead, her hands strategically trying to preserve as much modesty as possible from the bystanders' eyes, cursing my name under her ragged breath.

I arrived at the stage, slapping its wooden surface as if I had determined that doing so made me the winner I was the first there, and the three girls were surprisingly toe-to-toe with each other, but the biggest surprise was that Kaylee was in the rear, the lead was Becky, followed by Jackie.

I jumped up and down smacking the stage to mime the importance of doing the same to the girls to finishing the race, and they got the hint, the order hadn't changed so Becky arrived first and smacked the stage, the other two petered to a halt, realizing that they were the losers, and bent over in exhaustion.

"You... Cheated!" Kaylee managed to wheeze out in between gulps of air, when she got a bit of strength back, she straightened up and pointed at me accusingly "you had a head start."

"That wouldn't really matter if you'd caught up with me." I tried playing coy, but I was telling the truth, I wasn't thinking ahead or planning for it to be so one-sided, it just happened to be like that "anyways, you may want to start on your forfeits before any of the people who saw you show up if you catch my drift."

I never thought someone could look so flushed and yet so drained of color, but there was Kaylee, still breathing heavily, the look on her face mirrored the one from earlier in the cafeteria, apprehensive but also excited to do it.

"Do you have another orgasm in you?" Becky asked Jackie, who had a lot less complicated of an expression on her face; she was clearly a bit nervous, but nothing could hide the giddiness written all over her face.

"I think so? I sure feel like trying." Jackie fidgeted at the question, she wanted to do this, but she felt awkward having to admit it "I just keep wondering if I ran slow on purpose..."

I kept my mouth shut, the surreal sensation was back but I didn't dare point out the irony.

The two losing girls walked over to the stage and climbed onto it, this was a bit higher than the cafeteria, but obviously we were out in the open here, it must have felt far more exposed out here even though there still wasn't anyone here to see them.

Kaylee and Jackie sat down and spread their legs for me and Becky, both of us having readied our phones to record the forfeit that was about to commence.

The two girls were silent at first, I could practically hear them breathing as I watched them on my phone's screen, unlike the cafeteria session the air seemed way more intense, maybe it was the fear of getting caught, maybe it was the fact that we weren't indoors, but they certainly seemed like they were far more sensitive to the pleasure that came from playing with themselves.

At first, the girls started by only massaging their pussies, gently teasing their clits, but as they began immersing themselves in the pleasure their actions grew bolder, a little pull of the nipple here, a squeeze of the breast there, and more and more fingers were intruding into the depths of their sopping wet pussies.

As if to make sure that they weren't caught, the girls remained silent as they masturbated for us, fighting to keep their voices from leaking out, I could still hear them moaning and gasping in pleasure, but it was at that hushed tone someone took at the middle of the night to not wake anyone up.

Despite their silence, the girls broke when their climaxes hit (fortuitously enough at the same time) and their voices rang out as Jackie once again squirted, albeit with less force, and Kaylee squeezed her legs around her hand as her toes curled in ecstasy.

I was breathless, and only then did it occur to me to look away from this amazing scene and around the place to see if anyone had shown up, surprisingly enough, the answer was still no.

It seems everyone else had the same idea, Jackie and Kaylee even hopped off the stage in a hurry, assuming someone HAD arrived due to my own sudden panic and ducking behind some of the benches.

"I think we're good, sorry if I spooked you." the girls relaxed, and we all gathered together.

"That was amazing..." Kayle sighed "but I don't wanna do that ever again."

"Ditto." Jackie nodded along.

"What now?" Rebecca asked, I honestly hadn't thought that far ahead.

I thought for a second, and looked over at Rebecca:

"Well, I think we should go back to our cabin for now, but first..." I stepped behind Becky and unhooked her bra, she jumped in surprise but didn't do anything to stop me, nor when I crouched down to pull her panties off.

"Wait, what about MY clothes?" Jackie stopped a second after we started running, and only gave a "fuck!" under her breath when I turned around and showed her the impish grin I was failing to hold back.

Once again, we passed a few people on our way back, but I doubt any of them followed us or even recognized us, as they'd have to look at our faces to do so.

Once we were safely back in the cabin, the three naked girls let out a sigh of relief that they'd apparently been holding since breakfast.

"Okay girls, I'll let you take it easy for the rest of the day if you sit on the couch and give my phone one last show," I was so into telling the girls what to do that the words came out of my mouth before I could process them, remembering this I turned to Jackie "you can sit this one out if you want since you already did this twice."

But Jackie only smiled, joining the other two on the couch:

"I'm honestly surprised myself, I didn't imagine I could get this horny in one day." Jackie's hands were already working away, and so were the other two, I only just realized that my camera wasn't on and fumbled to start it.

Maybe it was the adrenaline and excitement from the day, but I didn't realize how horny I had gotten until this moment, it took some actual strength for my knees to stay straight as I sat down to watch these girls pleasure themselves, and it killed me to realize how badly I wanted to be in their shoes.

After the girls all came for me, I told them that the last order of the day was for them to put on a skirt if they had one and to leave their underwear off before we got back out and continued our day until we got back to the cabin at night.

Sorry for glossing over this part, but honestly, if anything of note happened after that, I must have missed it, it was a normal day at summer camp, our first now that I think about it... well, as normal as can be when you know three girls are constantly making sure their skirts don't show anything scandalous.

When we finally got back that night, I sighed and called to the girls:

"I know we said that I'll be staying dressed for today, but..." I was undressing as I spoke, and the girls simply smiled silently as I found myself standing naked in front of them "Honestly, I'm surprised I held out this long..."

I walked past the girls and sat down on the couch, not waiting for their input my hands launched into an all-out assault on my body, and I could hear the girls giggling as I enjoyed myself, and the sound of a camera shutter sent me over the edge for the first time that evening.

I looked up as I recovered from the orgasmic bliss and saw that the girls were grinning:

"I think Luna's getting bored of watching us run around naked all the time." Kaylee remarked, she was right.