Lilly’s Punishment
by Dirtyf 

Lilly’s Punishment Part One

Hi, my name is Lilly and I am sixteen year old and this is my story. I had a perfect life as an only child, great friends in school, good marks and my dad adored me (mum was never in the picture). But that all changed and my life got turned upside down.

My dad met a woman called Linda, she had twins Sam and Tia who are 17 yes old. My dad shortly after meeting her joined the mining gig to earn some money for the family and had to travel for work. He was on for three weeks and off for a week, so I rarely got to see him. Which is the way Linda wanted it.

She hated me and made me her family's slave.
I was always treaded like an outsider and it all started with breakfast. She would make me get up early, make everyone breakfast and serve it to everyone before I got to serve myself and eat. I was then responsible for cleaning the mess. This was one of my assigned tasks, my step siblings got way better tasks and a lot less of them.
For example Tia had to collect the mail every day and keep her room cleanand that was pretty much it. Sam had to do the mowing every two weeks but because it's "hard work" that's all he had to do.

Every thing else that you can imagine that needed doing was my job. She would always say "you're so lucky we took you in as our own, now you have to repay us with house work for our kindness." If I stepped out of line Linda loved to humiliate me as a form of punishment. My last punishment really messed me up physically and mentally!

I had slept in one morning before school which meant everyone had missed out on breakfast and had to go to school with an empty stomach. Like they could of made it themselves but no, that was too much work for them. Linda was furious, so she said "you wait till you get back from school, I'll have a punishment waiting for you." Since I had never been spanked at that time, I was worried but not too anxious about it.

I got home that evening and I was the last one home. Everyone was in the living room and Linda called me straight over to her. She made me stand in the middle of the room and she told me to apologise to everyone. So I said I was sorry and went to go back to my room, but Linda called me back to the middle of the room and said "no no dear, your not getting away with this that easy. You are now gonna get punished in front of them, since you ruined all their days."

I tried to argue with Linda to say this is ridiculous but before I could finish saying excuse me,Linda spanked the back of my thighs with a bamboo cane from the garden which had been used to hold plants up with. I screamed and it brought me to tears immediately. Linda wasn't going to negotiate, she then said turn around, bend over and pull your school skirt up. I hesitated and tried to beg her for mercy but that only landed me another caning on my thighs. So had no choice but to turn around, bend over and pull my skirt up.

I was so embarrassed to flash my white panties to Sam and Tia but it got worse. Linda came over and pulled my panties off and stuck them in my mouth and said "this should filter out the screaming a bit.” Now I was bent over flashing the twins my bare butt. I held my legs close together to hide my exposed pussy and so I wouldn't flash my butthole. I was crying in shame, but as soon as she landed the first cane, I was screaming into my panties. She caned me so hard, my butt cheeks jiggled and it made me fall over.

After two spankes with the cane and me falling each time Linda was getting cranky. So she said "since you like laying on the floor, lay on your back and pull your knees up with your hand. I was in absolute shock, this position will really expose my pussy in front of everyone. But I knew if I didn't do as she would ask I would be spanked even worse. So I adjusted myself to the position as requested and she swatted my exposed pussy and butt so hard and said spread your legs. I begged and said "please not in front of the twins especially Sam his a boy." I regretted saying that as soon as it came out of my mouth. She landed the cane on my pussy and I spread my legs straight away.

Then she said "what, don't you want Sam to see?" I apologised and said sorry for speaking please continue. She swatted my butt and exposed pussy so hard I couldn't speak for a minute and said "tell me girl, what don't you want him to see?" I said "I don't want him seeing my pussy.”

She then said "is that right, well in that case. I want you to reach down and pull your pussy lips apart so they can get a good look." I broke out in tears and grabbed my hairless pussy lips and pulled them apart exposing my pink insides. I couldn't believe the humiliation, she then called Sam over and said "Sam since you missed out on breakfast you can spank her pussy" Sam thought he was dreaming seeing all my bits and now being able to spank me. He went to grab the cane but Linda said "no no use your hands" so he reached down a spanked my open pussy. My whole body shook from the pain, he went to walk away but Linda said he could have 3 spanks. He gave me 2 more and he then looked at his hand with all my pussy juice on it and said what do I do with this. Linda then told him to slap it onto my face. So he slapped me 3 more times on my face with his soaked hands.

Linda then called up Tia and told her to to do the same. But Tia didn't want to spank my pussy because she thought that would be gross. She asked instead to spank my boobs. Linda agreed, so I was made to strip to nothing and stand there for Tia to spank me. She got 3 spankes per boob since Sam got 6 spanks. So she spanked my boobs upwards making my c cup boob fly and when she was done she pulled on my nipples making me dance on the spot in pain.

I thought to myself at last finally this nightmare is over, I didn't think I could take anymore. But I was wrong, the doorbell rang and I went to grab my clothes but Linda told me to stand there are wait naked. Linda opened the front door and it was the post man with a box. He looked like he was 65 to 70yrs old. She instructed the man to drop the box inside. I was spewing because he would then see me naked, but I knew not to move. He came in a saw me and said "wow, what do we have here" Linda said "sorry about that, we just finished punishing her" he smiled and said well your doing a good job of it. Linda was flattered and to my absolute shock she's invited him in for a tea.

She sat him next to me and said go make him a tea. I knew I wasn't allowed to get dressed and did as she asked because I didn't want anymore caning especially in front of a stranger. I delivered him his tea and he looked at me up and down taking in my nakedness and exposed bits. He then said "look at her pussy it's swollen, you must of spanked her good" Linda said yes I believe in real punishment and then said " Lilly turn around and show the man were you got spanked"

I cryed even harder and turned around and bend over to show this stranger my caned ass. He then to my surprise ran his fingers across the caning lines on my butt and said wow great job this looks amazing. Linda was flattered again and said " If you think that is good wait till you see her pussy, Lilly spread your cheeks for the man" I reached back with the little strength I had left and spread my ass for the man.

Now he can see my asshole and open pussy. He said "what a great view, her swollen pussy looks amazing. Linda noticed his tea was empty and offered him another and told her twins to go to bed since it was late. But I had to remain in that position for our guest and to finish my punishment.

He ran his fingers through my swollen pussy lips and said to Linda "her pussy looks great but I can notice her butthole isn't gapped?" Linda responded, I have to save something for her next punishment. He laughed and said well I deliver your mail on Thursdays, would love to watch the next one. Linda then said "forget watching you can show me how you punish buttholes on Lilly" he laughed and said great as he poked the tip of his finger into my butthole. It made me yelp and cry in pain and made me bounce my butt on his hand. He playfully pushed a little harder to make my butt jiggle on him.
Before he left he asked Linda if he could take a few pictures and of course that evil women said yes.

So I was forced spread my pussy lips again for him, spread my butt cheeks and I had to pinch my own nipples for him to get the best shots. Linda even gave me one last hard spank so he could record my reaction. By the time I got to me room, I felt to spent, so used, so humiliated and I had no more tears left to cry. I was so exhausted.

The next morning I got up early so wouldn’t forget to make breakfast and Linda made me reveal my bruised pussy and butt. I stripped naked and I looked like a crosswalk with all those lines on me. Linda then sent the twins to school and told me I couldn't go because the school might freak out of the lines on my body.

She then said you can serve Peter the postman and me tea again, his coming over for lunch.


Lilly’s Punishment Part Two

I wasn’t looking forward to serving Peter and Linda tea, who knows what they were going to make me do for them. I wasn’t going to be able do much in my condition. I can’t even sit down because of my bruised bum. However I wasn’t going to give them any excuse to punish me again, so I was planning to do my best.

Linda told me that Peter reminded her of her dad who past away a few years ago and that’s why she invited him over again. I didn’t care what her excuse was, I really didn’t want to see him because of how embarrassed I felt after exposing my privates to him. But I had no choice but to except it. So I had cleaned up after breakfast, I brushed my teeth and showered. I also had to rub some Aloe Vera gel over my boobs and bruised bum to ease the pain. My swelling went down on my inner pussy, but my pussy lips were still pretty red.

Linda came into my room after I had dried up and said “Peter is my guest and you will respect him accordingly. I have also decided to continue your punishment because you are missing a school day today. To start with you are going to were these undergarments I bought you and that’s it, I want to show off your caning lines to Peter. Don’t even bother arguing with me missy, if you didn’t mess up to start with you wouldn’t of got punished and you would of been able to go to school.”

I was absolutely shocked! I couldn’t believe what I have just heard. My body can’t take anymore, I am too exhausted! But I was left with no choice but to comply. I opened the bag that Linda gave me and the undergarments alone was torture. They were made out of a black silky material. The panties was mostly string with a little triangle at the front. I did not know what that was going to cover, the bra was also made to match. It was also made of mostly string, with little matching triangles.

I put the panties on and my pussy lips came out either side of the triangle. It looked like my pussy was swallowing the triangle. Then I put the bra on and because it was made out of a silky material the triangles kept slipping of my nipples. I couldn’t go out looking like this. I was so exposed, I was practically naked.

The doorbell rang and I started to hyperventilate. But I had to pull myself together because I didn’t want to make things worse for me. Linda answered the door and to my absolute surprise two male voices replied “hello”

Peter had brought his best friend Les. Linda greeted Les and said “Peter rang and told me your coming, I hope he warned you of Lilly and how we are punishing her.” He said “Yes he did and after those pictures, I had to come see for myself.”

I couldn’t breathe when I heard he had saw the pictures. I couldn’t go out, I struggled when it was just the thought of Peter. Now I had to go out in front of two strangers, I couldn’t. I heard Linda yell out for me to come into the living room and I had just froze. I didn’t mean to but my legs just wouldn’t move. Linda yelled out again and I started to panic but I still couldn’t bring myself to come out. Then I heard Linda say to the men “sorry about this, let me go grab her.” She then came storming into my room and said “WHAT THE HELL LILLY!” I then began to beg her to not make me parade in this outfit in front of two men but she did not care.

She then came over to me and pulled me by my ear into the living room where Peter and Les was and said “How dare you disobey me in front of my guest, go over to Les and bend over for your punishment and look him in his face as you get spanked.” So I went over to Les and bent over but I had no strength to hold myself up, so I hand to put my hands on his knees to brace myself. Then she spanked me so hard that my raw skin made me belt out in tears right in his face. After 5 spanks I had to do the same to Peter. Of course the gents loved the first show it was like an appetiser for them.

Then I stood up in front of the men and had to do a 360 degree turn to show of my red bottom and outfit. I then was absolutely humiliated by Peter, he commented and said “why don’t we just loose the outfit, we can save that for later.” Linda then said “you know what Peter I agree and I think it’s your turn to show me your punishment style. I dropped my head and stripped, I was practically naked anyway, stripping didn’t bother more than I already was, but now Peter was gonna punish me. I couldn’t imagine anything worse.

But Peter soon showed me worse, he instructed me to turn and bend over and spread my ass cheeks. I couldn’t believe I was about to display my goods again now with a new set of eyes. But I did as he asked. He then swatted my ass so hard and said spread harder. I belted our tears as I ripped my ass cheeks so far apart I thought I was going to rip them off. He then said “perfect view isn’t it Les, let’s get to it hey” Les with his eyes glued to my open asshole and pussy agreed and I could see the passion in his eyes.

Peter then asked Linda for a Ginger root and as he did that he put some lotion on my asshole and started to push his big fingers in it. He then said “Linda we have to loosen her asshole for the ginger root I hope you don’t mind. She then said while smirking “just don’t forget to give Les a turn.” I couldn’t believe what she said.

I was now here bending over while Peter was probing my asshole and giving a show for Les. Then Les got his turn and he just pounded my asshole. He was having the time of his life as I screamed in pain. It burnt so much and the stretching pain was unbearable. I was then told to go on my back and pull my knees back. After doing so Linda shoved into my asshole the carved ginger root. I was then told to hold that position as they had brunch.

The gents had their eyes glued to my pussy and filled asshole. Linda then told them nothing can go in her pussy because she’s a virgin but be my guest to do whatever to the outside of it. Les came over to me and spread my pussy lips and said “I am sure we will find something to do her”

Brunch had finished and Peter called me up and started to pinch my nipples. He then said “you won’t let that root fall out will you” i clenched my ass and jumped in pain and said “ I won’t drop it I promise” he then said perfect.

Linda was loving seeing me be punished. Les then said “come over her and lift your arms up” I then came over and lifted my arms and he began to tickle me. I started to giggle and it felt so weird. I was in pain but I could help laughing. Then he made me lay on the sofa and he blew into my stomach. I began giggling and laughing historically. Then Peter came over and went to do the same, his lips went just above my pussy mound and because it was so low I felt super sensitive which made me laugh and giggle even more.

Then Peter said she’s more ticklish lower here. He then put his mouth on my mound and blew and I giggle and moved around so much that his face landed in between my thighs and he kept tickling me and I couldn’t help but wiggle around on his face. He then pulled his face out with a smile and said she’s really ticklish here Les. So then Les planted his face in between my legs and started to tickle me. I bounced around so much on his face and I couldn’t stop laughing.

Then they both left me to catch my breath. Linda looked at me and said “having fun are you, well how about now” as she yanked the ginger root out. It felt like she ripped my asshole. She then made me stand in the corner and pull my cheeks apart. My asshole was gapped and Peter commented “that’s what her asshole should look like after a punishment.”

Linda agreed and said “well gents take your pictures now, because I have to go pick up my other two kids.” So again I was made to model for them and Linda said I want you in that same position when I get back I want to make sure the twins get an eye full.

The gents then said on their way out “we would love to have her come to our place for the weekend if you need a punish her again.” Linda said she would love to send her over, even just to get rid of me for a weekend.

So they finally left and I ran to the kitchen to shove some ice in my asshole and then quickly return to my position. I couldn’t believe the humiliation. I couldn’t wait to go back to school and leave this hell hole.


Lilly’s Punishment Part Three

The next day came along and I was finally able to escape that hell hole. Linda made sure to leave minimal lines when Peter and Les was over so I could go to school the next day.

It felt so good to be all covered up in a uniform and away from that place. My asshole took days to recover, it always burned and felt stretched. I also had to rub aloe vera all over my butt, boobs and pussy for days too. I wasn’t going to forget a punishment like that for a while.

I made sure to be extra cautious from that day on. But of course Linda made it impossible for me. Always trying to make me screw up, by making rules so hard to keep. But she got her wish in the end, Tia had a period and she made a mess in the bathroom and didn’t clean it up. Instead she blamed me and of course Linda took her side.

So she said “I have been waiting for this, I am sending you to Peter’s house for the weekend to do some chores for him and you will do anything he asked of you.” I started to tear up and I thought to myself, there is nothing you can do to mentally prepare yourself. I’m screwed and that’s a fact I have to face.

She took me there right away since it was Friday the start of the weekend. When we arrived it was dark and all you could see was Peter’s big grin on his face and of course Les was there. Linda told me if she had to come back for any issues, I would truely be sorry.

After the last punishment, I believed her. Linda left with a smile and Peter escorted me into their home. It was so messy and dingy, it also smelt like old farts. Peter then said to me “what do you think we are going to start with?”

I honestly had no idea what they had planned for me. But I figured I was getting a ginger root in my asshole again. So I said with my face facing the ground “I don’t know, maybe a ginger root in my asshole.” Les replied “she is smart after all.” Peter then said “Les and I are going to have dinner and while we do that, for a bit of entertainment your going to strip off and lay on your back with your knees brought up and finger your asshole to loosen it up for the ginger root. But before that I want you clean so strip of hear so we can hose you down.”

I felt like a barn animal as soon as he said that. I then pleaded with him and said “please not in the front yard, please let me at least go around the back.” Peter then looked at Les and said “was that back talk we heard?” Then Les said “yeah I think so” Peter then looked at me and said “what, do you think we are going to be nice like Linda?”

I didn’t even think Linda was nice. I apologised straight away but you guessed it I was too late. Peter then said “strip now, bend over and spread that ass cheeks” I did as I was told and Peter shoved the end of the hose into my asshole. It hurt so much since I wasn’t loosen up or lubed and then he put a little water into my ass.

It made me instantly crap out water, then he made me do it again but he pumped a little more water. He then made me stand and hold the water in. He said “if a drop comes out we will do tonight’s punishment out here.”

They lived in a dark street so I was pretty lucky that no one could really see me and no one was out. He then used the end of the hose to wipe my ass. I had to hold my scream in because I didn’t want to wake the neighbour’s. I got 5 wipes before they let me expel my filled asshole. I then had to lay on my back and spread my legs as the hose me down.

It was extremely painful when they hosed my pussy. I kept wiggling around and then I had to flip over. It was so cold and humiliating. My nipples got so hard. So of course Les took a grip of one nipple and Peter took the other and led me inside.

I got into position on their table and started to finger my asshole. They both came spat on my asshole for lube. They both had dinner and had a great view of my asshole getting finger jammed and my open pussy.

Les said “it’s a shame she’s a virgin, would of loved that pussy” Peter then said “your assholes loose enough” and he then shoved a bigger than last time ginger root into my asshole. The burning sensation like last time came back and while I was getting my asshole services they decided to have dessert.

Peter then told me to spread my pussy lips apart. Then they both just started into it as they at dessert. Peter then said “time for a bit tickling” so he planted his face on my inner thigh next to my pussy and started blow into it. Of course I wiggled around and laughed and my pussy slipped all over his face and he didn’t seem to mind, it actually looked like he enjoyed it. Les blew into my chest which made me laugh again and he got a face full of boobs.

Then Peter said “I know you haven’t had dinner and I am not going to deny you food. So I ordered you a pizza to last you till tomorrow night. Now go by the door and bend over and touch your toes.” I started to really get scared now, but I knew to not question them. I got into position and they put the money for the pizza on top of my ass.

Now all I could think was I was about to flash a delivery driver. The doorbell rang and I was starting to really freak out. Peter opened the door and my worst nightmare came to life. A kid from my school had become a delivery driver and he was at the door. He wasn’t a cool kid, he was actually a nerd and fat nerd too. His face lit up to sight of nakedness.

He then came and collected the money and he had a a little change. Then Peter said “you can pull the root out and put the change in her asshole if you like?” All of a sudden I felt the root come out and cold metal being inserted into my asshole. I could of died at that feeling, not only am I flashing someone from my school but now I am getting my asshole filled by him.

He left and Peter dug out his change. Peter and Les then sat on the sofa to watch tv and Peter had his arm on the hand rest with his middle finger up and said “you know what to do” so I came over to him and sat on his finger which went up my asshole. He said bounce on it and we will see how your leg muscles go.

I started to bounce as requested but I bounced to high and his finger slipped out. I sat back down but I accidentally got his finger in the wrong hole. His finger went in my pussy, I yelped and he didn’t notice the mistake and said “bounce or you will get spanked”

I couldn’t tell him or he will think I’m back talking so I rode his finger in my pussy. My pussy felt so weird, it started to drip all over his hand. Then he picked up what was going and told me stop for a second. He said “what are you doing, your no virgin are you” I couldn’t tell him it was an accident and I was a virgin or I’ll get punished for back chat so I had to go along with it.

Then he said “go to town Les, she’s not a virgin” then Les got me on my back with my legs to my chest and started to pound my pussy with his middle finger and made me start to shake and feel weird feelings. Then all of a sudden something squirted all over his arm. He was drenched, they then both took their turns slapping my pussy and then finally got tired.

Les went home and Peter took me to my room. He then said “well since your not a virgin, I want to wake up with your mouth around my dick.” I have never given a man a blow job before but I was soon about to learn. He stripped of naked in front of me and that was the first time I saw a penis. It was so old but so big.

I then went to bed and rested. I was so tired and felt so used like an animal.


Lilly’s Punishment Part Four

I could not sleep that whole night. My butthole had that all too familiar pain of being stretched and my pussy felt weird. My wrong hole accident hurt but also gave me weird sensations down there. I actually liked it a little bit. But I wasn’t looking forward to what is to come.

I got myself ready, which wasn’t hard. I rubbed some lotion on and I didn’t bother to get dressed because I knew I would be stripped again soon. I opened his door and saw him laying on his back. I walked over quietly and just stood beside his bed. I took a lot of self encouragement but I finally took the sheets off him and revealed his penis.

It was smaller then I remembered from yesterday, but I wasn’t complaining. I took a grip of it in my hand and put the purple head into my mouth. It was so gross and smelt like old people. Within a few seconds though, it grew twice the size. I could barely fit it in my mouth.

He had just woke up at this moment, he saw me and said good girl. He then put his hand on my head and started to force my head down. I gagged and coughed as he pumped his penis into my mouth and it was all over within a few minutes with him squirting his juices into my mouth. It was revolting, I looked at him with a full mouth and he just said “swallow.”

Regrettably I did and then washed my mouth out with mouth wash immediately. I then came into the living room where he was having breakfast and got up onto his table, positioned myself on my back with my knees up displaying my pussy and asshole. I then started to finger my asshole. He then said “good girl, you are on a role. I didn’t even had to ask you. But today I want you to finger your pussy.”

I haven’t really done that before but I did as I was told. It felt good and weird. I got tingling sensation all over but felt so humiliated and exposed at the same time. He didn’t really tell me when to stop. So I kept going even after he finished his breakfast. After a little while again stuff squirted out of me sending my body into a spasm.

I apologised for the mess and he was actually impressed with me. I was so hungry from all that work that I ate all my pizza. Les soon arrived and joined Peter in the living room. I was then called into the living room to service Les as I did Peter. So in front of Peter, I knelt down in front of Les and pulled out his penis.

It was smaller than Peter’s, which I was thankful for. I sucked him the same way as Peter but Les was so much rougher. He grabbed my hair and pulled my head off his penis and he would slap me. After the slaps I would just go back to sucking.

I could tell he was about to squirt like Peter because he was making the same face. But instead of squirting in my mouth, he made me turn around, bend over and let him squirt in my asshole. He pushed his penis all the way into my asshole making me squirm around and then he started to pump me with his penis.

It hurt a little bit but my asshole is so stretched now that it is starting to not hurt as much when it’s getting something shoved in there. After he squirted Peter wouldn’t let me wash it out. So I had his juices just in and around my asshole.

Peter then said “while you were sucking off Les, I ordered you a different pizza for lunch.”
I thanked him and thought “I know I am being treated bad, but at least he feeds me better than Linda.” The doorbell rang and Peter asked me to answer the door. I began to get nervous to flash myself again in front of another stranger, but I’m on Peter’s good books so I didn’t want to upset him. So I went to the door naked and it was the same school boy from yesterday.

I started to feel embarrassed. He walked in with the pizza with a big grin on his face and then said to Peter “I saw your name on the order and made sure I was the one to deliver.” Peter then said “do you like seeing Lilly naked.”
He nodded and said “yes I do” Peter then asked me to come over, turn around, bend over and spread my cheeks for him.

I really didn’t want to but I had no choice. So with my head down I did. As I pulled my ass apart Les’s juices started to leak from my asshole. I felt so humiliated at that point, because I knew that school boy would now know what was going on.

He then said “that looks amazing!” Peter then said “Lilly why don’t you tip the man with your mouth.” So without hesitation because I didn’t want to be spanked in front of him. I knelt down again and pulled his penis out. He was a bit shy and a lot smaller then Peter and Les. I began sucking him and he was loving it.

He was about to squirt too, so I thought I would prefer his juices in my asshole where I can’t taste it. So I then quickly turned around and I stuck his penis in my asshole. I then rode him until he squirted. He was in absolute amazement. Now I had juices leaking out of my asshole down my leg. I asked if I could go clean up and Peter said “no need.”

I didn’t know why but I didn’t dare to ask. I found out soon enough though. Peter then said “I am having all my friends come over tonight and you will service them all.” I didn’t know if my jaw could handle it and I didn’t know how I felt about taking strangers juices in me. But again I had no choice.

As Peter and Les sat on the sofa, I didn’t know what to do, so I started to finger myself in front of them to keep them happy and because it made me feel good. The two of them looked impressed. I then had to take Peter’s penis in my asshole again until he squirted and he rode me harder this time. After he was done with me he said I had an hr to clean up before his guest arrived.


Lilly’s Punishment Part Five

I felt so gross and sticky. I wanted to trick Peter into letting me have a shower. So I said to him "Hi Peter I really want to look my best for your guest, can I please go rinse off?" Peter then responded "that's not actually a bad idea, come on then, let's go outside and I'll hose you down."

I didn't see that coming, but I was still greatful. After we got outside, he made me turn around, bend over and spread my cheeks. My asshole opened up so easy from how much it had been punished in the last few days. He just ran the hose into my gaped asshole and watched all the man juices flow out of me. He then aimed the water to my exposed pussy and gave it a quick rinse.

Of course it hurt but I wanted to keep him happy so he would take it easy on me tonight. I went to my room after that and just rested. I was too tired to even stress about what was to come. I didn't even bother to put on clothes, because I knew he was going to strip me anyways. So I just put on a robe.

The door bell rang and I heard a familiar voice respond. I made my way downstairs to be absolutely shocked by the sight of the twins. I didn't know what to say, I was speechless. Peter then said "oh I forgot to mention that you know my guest." I was prepared for strangers, not for the evil step twins. Peter escorted them to the lounge room and told me to get them some drinks. I brought some soda to the lounge room in complete fear, how can he be so mean.

Tia then spoke up and said "is Lilly getting punished here or is she on a holiday? She looks pretty comfortable in that robe." Peter then responded "oh don't you worry dear, she is definitely being punished." He then looked at me and instructed me to take the robe off. I couldn't think of a worse punishment, I did not want to be exposed Infront of the twins. But I was too scared to disobey him, so I did as he asked.

I dropped my head down and lowered my robe. Sam's eyes lit up at the sight of my nakedness and Tia just commented "where is the stripes and bruises?" Peter then instructed me to turn around, bend over and spread my ass cheeks. I began to cry and I did as he asked. My asshole was still gaped from earlier, they had a perfect view of my open asshole and pussy.

Tia with a surprised look on her face then said "wow she has a looser asshole than all the girls in my school." Sam was frothing at the mouth and said to Peter "how do you punish her." Peter then said "well in multiple different ways, but we have really just focused on making her serve and pleasure us."

Tia was intrigued and and asked "how does she pleasure you?" Peter then said "Lilly why don't you come show Tia how you please me with you mouth." I felt so humiliated to be treated like this in front of the twins. I got on my knees and pulled his penis out as he sat comfortable on the sofa next to Tia and began to suck his cock.

Tia got excited at sight of a penis and said "wow you have such a big cock." Peter obviously loved the compliment and started to flirt with Tia. Sam had his eyes glued to my body and the live performance whilst Tia flirted back with Peter. She kept playing with her hair and she constantly adjusted her breast. She then asked if he liked her lipstick and Peter of course said yes. She then went on to tell him that she matched the colour to her nipples.

Hearing that got Peter excited and began to force my head up and down faster and harder. I could feel his cock pulsing in my mouth, he was definitely enjoying himself. I began to gag and cough because he was going so rough. Tia then said "aw Peter it turns me on when you give it to her rough."
He then grabbed my hair and started to pull on it pretty rough.

I started moaning in pain as I suck his dick. Tia then said "yes Peter punish her." He then pulled my face up off his cock and I had slobber all over my mouth, I looked a real mess and I felt so ashamed in front of the twins especially Sam. He then slapped my face so hard I began to cry straight away. Tia gave him the look of excitement, the evil girl she is. Which of course encourage him.

So he then told me to open my mouth and stick my tongue out. I did as he asked and he then grabbed my face and smashed my head up and down on his cock so hard. That I thought he was trying to poke it through my skull. He was getting close and he called over Sam and said "don't be so shy and hide in the corner, get over here, sit next me and get your dick out.

I couldn't believe I was about to suck off my step brother but I couldn't really care too much because I just had to focus on breathing. So Peter pulled my head off and just threw my head on Sam's lap. I didn't muck around, I was to scared to disobey. So I took in Sam's cock, he began to moan straight away.

Peter then shoved his cock in my asshole and began to pump me so hard he jolted my head on Sam's cock. Tia is cheering him on this whole time. He ended up blowing a hug load in my asshole and at the same time Sam is blowing a load into my mouth. I swallowed and turned around to clean of Peter's cock. Tia reached over and with her finger got a little bit of Peter's juices from the tip of his cock and then tasted it.

I couldn't believe what I saw, I didn't know why she would even want to taste it. He is an old man, but of course Peter loved it. I cleaned up his cock with my tongue and then he got up and said "does anyone want some snacks."

They all said yes and he went and grabbed some. Sam had a look of disbelief and amazement at the same time. Tia had an evil look on her face and I just looked like a real mess. Over in the corner was Les, he was just watching the whole thing unfold in front of him.

Peter came back and gave everyone but me snacks and said "enjoy everyone as Lilly gives us a show." I knew what that meant, I got up on the coffee table, layed on my back and lifted my legs to my chest. I then began to rub my pussy for everyone to watch. I was acting out of adrenaline at this moment. Of course everyones eyes was glued to my body.

Tia even began to talk to everyone about my labia, she kept referring it to hers. She was saying stuff like "her labia is so flappy, but mine is in the shape of a heart. Mine is pinker and much more pleasing to the eye."
My pussy looked fine, but because it was so abused in the last few days of course it was swollon.

Sam had his cock serviced and his memory bank filled and had to leave. He got what he wanted and had to leave for another party. However Tia stayed, when Sam left Les spoke up and said to Tia "well are we going to see this work of art?" Tia giggled and said "well I do need a new car."

Les smiled and said "well I just upgraded, I guess you can have my old beamer." Tia was smiling from ear to ear. She the said "Well I have been out all day maybe I should go refresh up my downstairs." Peter said "no worries just get Lilly to lick you clean down there. She then smiled and said "good idea."

She slipped off her panties and resumed the same position I had on the coffee table. She was clean shaven, her asshole looked so tight and pussy looked untouched. Peter then gave me the signal to get busy. He told me to start with her asshole. The gents were drooling over the sight of fresh pussy. I lowered my face to her asshole which smelt a little sweaty. I stuck my tongue out and began to lick.

She tasted so salty. She then grabbed my head and pushed it into her ass as she farted in my mouth. It was so gross, the gents laughed and she said "get to work missy." Unfortunately I couldn't stop, I licked that asshole like my life depended on it. After 10 mins she got up and went over to Les and spread here cheeks for him and said "does my asshole look clean enough?" He said it looked perfect!

She then gave Peter the same view and he even gave it a taste test. She giggled, she then got me to lay down and she just sat her pussy on my face. She rubbed her pussy all over my face and began to grind her pussy on my face. It was such a new experience for me. Because I know what comes out of a pussy I didn't really want it all over face. My face was drenched in her pussy juice. She then took off her top and bra and let her breast out.

She had C cup boobs that are perky. They started to fly all over the place. Peter then asked if she wanted an extra $500 cash to go with it. She obviously said yes. Peter then pulled his cock out and came over to Tia. She then positioned her asshole back over my lips and exposed her pussy to Peter.

He then stuck it in her. She began to moan loudly as she was getting pumped by Peter and getting her asshole licked out by me. Then Les came over from the behind of Tia where my pussy was and got too excited. I think he was trying to put his cock in my asshole but he put in my pussy. I started to moan loudly on her asshole and my whole body started to shake.

Les grabbed Tia's boobs and started to pump my pussy hard. Within a few minutes Peter and Les swapped. But not before Peter made me clean his cock. Tia's inner pussy juices was now going down my throat. Then I had to clean my own pussy juices of Les's cock before it went in Tia's. I tasted better in my opinion.

A few more minutes go by and Les puts a load in my mouth and Peter pulled out and put a load into my asshole. They dragged my outside after they blew their loads and threw me on the grass and Tia came over to me and pulled my face into her pussy as she pissed on my face. The gents said good idea and did the same.

They hosed me down and then brought me back to their room. I watched Tia lay on the bed as they praised her body. She went for round two and the two gents blew there next load. I was kept there to suck their cocks clean and I even had to lick the man juices out of her pussy. It was so gross, I just became a sex slave for them practically.

The night finally came to a end, I went back home with Tia and greeted my bed with a smile. I felt like a rubber band that has been stretched too much. Everything hurt and felt so used.

The End