The next week was pretty much the same as all of Gerard's weeks lately, which was to say, uneventful and a little pathetic. He worked. He distracted himself whenever he caught himself thinking about Frank, which meant he watched a lot of Cartoon Network and went through an obscene amount of coffee. He went to see Bob on Thursday, was promised a working car by Monday, and took Bob a coffee as big as his head on Friday as a thank-you. Bob grumbled at him about bribes, and something about Red Bull, but sucked down the coffee with complete disregard for beverage temperature, and Gerard decided to pick up a four-pack of Red Bull for Monday.

Unfortunately, this meant Gerard would have to take the train in again if he wanted to visit Mikey. He briefly considered just staying home, and he did find things to do on Friday, but by the time Saturday rolled around he was sort of antsy, and Mikey had called twice since Thursday, with an uncharacteristic level of interest in what Gerard was doing, who he'd talked to that week, things like that. Gerard was suspicious but ultimately decided Mikey was just keeping an eye on him in his own weird way after their conversation last weekend.

The Saturday evening train was pretty deserted, for whatever reason. Gerard rushed aboard at the last minute, late as usual, struggling with the newspaper crumpled in his left hand as he tried to tug off his leather jacket with his right. He was barely settled in his seat, having showed his transit pass to a passing conductor, when he heard a throat-clearing sound from right next to him, and he looked up, startled. He'd thought he was alone in the car.

"Hi, Gerard." It was Frank, Gerard realized. Of fucking course. He wouldn't put it past himself to have conjured him here with his fucking mind at this point.

"Hi, Frank," Gerard replied carefully. "What are you doing here?" His mind was still racing. This was so fucking awkward. What was he going to say? 'Sorry you mistook me for someone who wasn't a loser'? 'I really hope you're not a drunken douchebag because I have a giant pathetic crush on you'?

"I was at my mom's," Frank responded. He fidgeted a little, like he couldn't quite stand still, his face twisted into an adorable expression of - hell, he looked nervous. Imagine that.

"You want to sit down?" Gerard asked with a sudden rush of optimism.

"Yeah." Frank shifted back towards Gerard's seat just as the train hit a track junction or something, the train car shaking and knocking him off balance. There was a flailing blur of arms that made Gerard squint his eyes closed as a reflex, and Frank landed heavily in Gerard's lap.

"Are you gonna be okay?" Gerard asked, a little concerned. Frank was moving slowly, like he was hurting or something, fumbling himself off of Gerard's lap with stiff movements.

"M'sorry," Frank mumbled. He sounded miserable, his eyes flashing up to meet Gerard's and flickering quickly away. A dull flush had stained his cheeks.

"You don't have to apologize. It wasn't your fault," Gerard said, waiting for Frank to meet his eyes again before offering him a reassuring smile.

"No, dude, no. I mean, I'm really fucking sorry. 'Cause every time I see you, I do something stupid. 'S'like someone's got a Frank Iero voodoo doll, man, and they're just, fuckin', - " Frank made vague stabbing motions in the air, then clutched at his bicep with the opposite hand. "Maybe it's your brother."

Gerard tipped his head to the side, frowning. "Mikey thinks you're rad. I think it was love at first sight."

"I think he's trying to kill me." Frank was still rubbing his biceps.

"What did he do?" Gerard exclaimed, suddenly horrified.

"Made me hold this, this boom stick thing. For, like, hours, dude."

Gerard had to turn away, then, and press his lips together to keep from laughing. It was just so fucking Mikey. "You were on the set?" he asked hesitantly. He could practically smell his little brother being devious.

"I swear I didn't ask for the job. My boss made me do it. Wentz gave me a day off," Frank hurried to reply.

"Pete Wentz is your boss?" Gerard shook his hair in front of his face nervously. He'd been in Pete's office just last week - had Frank seen him? Did he think Gerard had set all this up? Did Frank think he was haunting Pete and Mikey's place in hopes of seeing him? This was fucking awkward. And totally, totally Mikey's fault, fuck letting him off the hook for this one.

Frank nodded.

"I'm sorry my brother tortured you," Gerard said, stomach churning a little. "He can be a real dick with guys I like. It's like, the Mikey Way boyfriend screening process." He let out a nervous laugh, barely hearing his own words above the chorus of shut up shut up shut up coming from his frantic brain.

"T's okay. He said nice things when he wasn't trying to kill me," Frank said, dissolving into giggles.

Shit. Gerard was making a total fool of himself. He risked a glance back over at Frank, catching him licking his lips. The progress of his pink tongue tip across his full lower lip was mesmerizing. It was probably physically impossible for Frank to get hotter every time Gerard saw him, except he did. He was wearing a Lost Boys tee shirt that looked about two sizes too small, and loose, well worn jeans that were slipping low on his hips as he fidgeted. Gerard could see the edges of the same tattoos on his lower belly that had taunted his memory for weeks, and he rubbed his palms mindlessly against the denim covering his own thighs, resisting the urge to slip his fingers under the cotton hem and push it out of the way. He wanted a better look. He wanted lots of things he shouldn't want, especially considering their current location.

"You think we could..." Gerard started, his flow of words cut off, suddenly unnecessary, as Frank's arms came around him and Frank's lips slanted messily over his. Oh. Not what he was going to ask for. Infinitely better. He knew, somewhere in the part of his brain that was still capable of being rational, that there were still so many things that he and Frank really ought to talk about. But...maybe not right now because Frank was warm, and he tasted like coffee and maybe red sauce, and another sudden jolt of the train car sent him tumbling into Gerard's lap again, and if anything was a sign from above, that was.

Frank's scratchy giggle sounded even better from this close, and his lips smacked cheerfully against Gerard's cheek. "Best train ride ever," he whispered happily. Gerard stared into his eyes; they were clear and bright, not hazed with too much beer. Manic glee and dark arousal weren't things Gerard was used to seeing combined. This, it appeared, was the real Frank. It was a Frank he had to touch.

He reached over, jerking at the buttons of Frank's fly, which gave up the ghost with no resistance, the worn denim folding back around his wrist as he slid his hand into Frank's underwear in search of bare skin. Frank moaned when their skin touched, his lips sliding along Gerard's neck and separating as he slid off of Gerard's lap. He reached back immediately, his hand closing over the hard line of Gerard's own cock and squeezing, hard.

Gerard bit back a desperate noise and increased his grip, his motion, making Frank slide down next to him on the seat and spread his legs even farther apart, head tossing on an arched neck. Gerard couldn't look away, imagining the arched spine and the carelessly spread thighs on tousled sheets instead. Frank looked up and met his eyes, pupils blown and lips parted, and Gerard bit his lip hard and choked on the resulting moan, head thumping carelessly back into the headrest of his seat.

The hand on his crotch squeezed harder, then Frank let go and fumbled one-handed at Gerard's zipper. Gerard would have tried to help, but the fingers of his unoccupied hand were clamped white-knuckled around the back of the seat in front of him. He knew if he let go now, he'd probably end up in a heap on the floor. But Frank managed the fastening, and his hand slipped inside, the friction of skin against damp cotton making Gerard grit his teeth. His eyes never strayed from Frank's face, and Frank's were just as intense. He was so busy watching the sensations play across his face and counting his labored, panting breaths that the rattle of the train car door scared him half to death. He froze, hand still wrapped firmly around Frank's dick, and Frank slowly sat up, his own hand slipping from Gerard's jeans. He took a casual glance over his shoulder, and when he turned back to Gerard, he whispered breathlessly, "There's no one there!" Gerard let a stifled chuckle slip at Frank's wide-eyed expression, and within seconds they were both convulsing with laughter.

Frank slumped bonelessly against Gerard's shoulder, giggling, and Gerard somewhat reluctantly removed his hand from the other man's jeans. His own lips were still twitching when he nudged at Frank's head with his chin and whispered into his ear, "We need to stop doing this shit in public, Frankie."

Frank sputtered into silence, then replied after a moment's pause, "As long as we don't have to stop doing it." His eyes sparkled mischievously, and Gerard put an arm around his shoulders, pulling him up against his side.

"Works for me."

It took a while, but Frank and Gerard settled down into a normal conversation. Gerard knew he was talking a lot, but Frank liked all the same horror movies as he did, and had really awesome taste in comics, and he just couldn't stop the exhilarated flood of words. Also, Frank didn't stop touching him for a single second, whether it was fingers plucking at the denim of Gerard's pants leg, or the quick flicker of lipstonguelipring against Gerard's mouth. He didn't seem to realize he was doing it, and Gerard, who normally wasn't all that keen on people in his personal space, couldn't get enough either.

He blinked when he saw the Penn Station walls outside the windows, vaguely surprised like he'd forgotten where he was and what he was doing. He grabbed his jacket off the floor of the car and shuffled off the train, fingers still wound together with Frank's. Then Frank tugged free and rushed back on the train. Gerard frowned until he caught sight of Frank returning, staggering a little under the weight of his forgotten backpack, which looked to be approximately half Frank's size. Gerard's lips twitched, and he grabbed ahold of one of the straps, helping Frank carry it up the stairs. It clanked when Frank and Gerard dropped it on the pavement outside the station.

Gerard started shrugging back into his leather jacket. He'd told Frank he was spending the night at Mikey's, and now he knew where Frank worked, too. It was entirely possible they'd run into each other again. Gerard really wanted to get his number. Gerard really wanted to be touching him again. He hated feeling so hesitant, but it was like Frank was too good to be true. Then Frank grabbed him, pushed him up against the wall outside, and kissed him again. Frank was apparently also a mind reader. And he tasted really, really good.

He was concentrating so hard on Frank's mouth that he barely even noticed when the rain started, until a sheet of water hit them both, plastering Gerard's hair to his face and running down their bodies like tiny rivers. Gerard looked upwards, blinking as the drops collected along his eyelashes, and slicked his hair out of his face with one hand. He smiled a little; it was just like a scene from a ridiculous movie - except it was cold, and sort of uncomfortable. "Your stuff is getting wet," he told Frank, raising his voice a little to be heard over the rain.

Frank looked down, picking up his backpack and poking at the contents. "I have dry things at my place," he said. Gerard shifted his shoulders uneasily under his jacket. He probably should have thought of that. He'd have to make these clothes last till tomorrow, because his brother was a fucking twig. Frank was still talking though. "And, you know, coffee? I have coffee. You like coffee?"

Gerard snorted. "Do I like - are you serious?"

Frank rolled his eyes a little, then grabbed Gerard's lapels, fingers squeaking on the wet leather. "Come to my place, Gerard," he said. "It's not far. I will make you coffee, and I will give you some dry clothes, and I might even let you see my comic collection."

"That sounds like a come-on," Gerard commented mildly, already gathering his jacket around him to try and keep the rain out, lost cause that it was.

"Fuck yeah it is," said Frank, grabbing his hand and pulling him along as he sprinted for the nearest subway stairs. They stumbled to a breathless stop on the subway platform, hopping aboard the next train. It was only a few stops till Frank was tugging Gerard back out the double doors, up onto the street, where the rain still fell steadily. His apartment building was close, but they were both panting by the time they struggled through Frank's front door.

Frank dropped his backpack by a pile of shoes, already pulling impatiently at both Gerard's clothing and his own. Their t-shirts and Gerard's jacket dropped to the floor as well with a soggy, wet sound and Frank was in his space again immediately, Gerard's damp back sticking to the plaster of the living room wall with Frank pressed against him like a small furnace. It was so cold in the room that Gerard was pretty sure there was steam rising off their skin, but he could have been imagining it. What he wasn't imagining was the urgency in Frank's voice as he whispered into Gerard's neck, "God, Gee, I've been thinking about this. About you. You're so fucking pretty." Gerard shuddered, and Frank pulled back to ask, "Are you cold? I'm sorry, I turned off the heat while I was away."

"No, no," he shook his head, "I'm - " he took a deep breath, " - fine." He was pretty sure he was actually going to explode if Frank kept touching him. Maybe if he stopped. Yeah, he was a goner either way.

"Am I going too fast?" Frank asked, hands roving restlessly over Gerard's skin.

"No, please...don't stop." Frank kissed him then, till he had to pull back to fight with the wet denim of Gerard's jeans. Gerard let his fingers wander over Frank's bare chest, tracing the edges of inked designs, and Frank stopped what he was doing, stood still and looked down, watching the progress of Gerard's fingertips towards Frank's waistband. "I wondered what these were," he said, tracing over the edges of the swallows bracketed by the script "Search and Destroy" spanning Frank's hips. "Kept thinking about them."

"I keep thinking about your fingers," Frank hissed out as Gerard traced the hair spreading down from his navel. He tugged at Frank's belt, and without the cinched leather Frank's sodden jeans slid quickly to the floor, Frank dancing around impatiently as he kicked free of his shoes and then the pants legs, fingers biting into Gerard's shoulders. Gerard just looked for a moment. Frank's small form was dotted with unexpected patches of ink, and he realized he was actually, against his own expectations, allowed to do what he'd fantasized about. He let his fingers sink into the soft skin of Frank's waist, licking back into his mouth, moaning in approval as Frank's fingers twisted forcefully into his wet hair. His own soaked, constricting jeans were threatening to end the proceedings if he didn't take them off soon, and he shoved blindly at his shoes, socks, jeans, underwear, reluctant to let go of Frank but determined to feel naked skin as soon as possible. Frank broke the kiss long enough to gasp, "Bed?" and Gerard nodded emphatically. Yes, please. Soon. Now.

Frank's hands slipped to Gerard's hips, pushing him gently backwards in the direction of the promised bed. Gerard grumbled into Frank's mouth as his hands repeatedly encountered the fabric of Frank's underwear in their explorations, and Frank laughed, the sound taking on a shivery quality as the frigid air of the bedroom hit their skin. "We're here," he mumbled against the corner of Gerard's mouth. He still had a firm, nearly painful grip on Gerard's hips, and he used it to tug him even closer, rubbing their dicks together through the barrier of his boxer briefs.

"Fucking tease," Gerard moaned, grasping for the elastic waistband and missing several times due to Frank's frantic motions. He laid his hands against Frank's shoulders and shoved, not too hard, but Frank didn't seem to be expecting it, collapsing back onto the mattress with a surprised noise. Gerard leaned down and pinned him with a hand splayed across his pelvis, the other grabbing the offending elastic and yanking Frank's underwear down his legs; from there it was quickly kicked across the room, and Gerard nearly took a knee in the jaw as he sank to his knees by the side of the bed. Frank froze as he licked a stripe up the underside of his cock, letting loose a few garbled profanities as Gerard wrapped a hand around the base, letting his mouth sink down to meet it. Frank squirmed against the mattress, fingers clenching and unclenching against the sheets a few times before they shoved against Gerard's shoulders.

Gerard stopped; he let Frank's dick slide out of his mouth, mouth watering from the musky odor and bitter-sharp taste of Frank's pre-come. Frank's garbled noises had resolved themselves into a frantically muttered, "No no no no." If Frank wanted him to stop, now...well, this would be the most embarrassing moment of his life.

He sucked in a ragged breath, gasped, "Frank?" and then felt a sudden flash of pain as all ten of Frank's fingernails seemed to sink into the skin of his shoulders. He tugged at Gerard's shoulders with enough force that Gerard was yanked halfway up his torso, catching himself automatically with hands planted on either side of Frank's ribs.

"Fuck me, please, Gerard, I can't...not gonna last, just - need it," he groaned, hips lifting with jerky motions, and...oh. Gerard bit his lip hard as the sensitive head of his cock skated along the crease of Frank's hip, and he bore down with his own, meeting Frank's thrusts with steady pressure till Frank slowed down, whining deep in his throat.

"Do you have stuff, Frankie? Where...." Frank released his white-knuckle grip on one of Gerard's shoulders to fake-reach for his nightstand, and Gerard leaned over, fumbling through the mess inside to retrieve the small tube and a square packet, dropping them onto the bed next to them and stretching back up for a kiss. He lost track of time for a while, but eventually he had to stop to take a few deep breaths. Frank just stared up at him, quiet, trusting. "You're so fucking hot," he whispered, overcome. Frank's hair was as soft as ever underneath his wandering fingers, and before he could get utterly distracted by something ridiculous, like Frank's eyebrows, he pushed himself back up to his knees and bent to taste the skin of Frank's stomach before reaching for the lube.

Frank's eyes had slipped closed as Gerard worked him open with careful fingers, his own panting breath sounding horribly loud in the silent apartment. Frank's own groans were quickly muffled by the bedsheet, and Gerard wanted to hear him, so he carefully eased Frank's legs apart, hooking them over his shoulders so he could lean in and kiss him again. As soon as he felt Gerard's lips, he turned his head, crying out Gerard's name into his mouth, hips writhing in time with the tiny motions of Gerard's fingers. He could tell Frank was ready, too, and he bit his lip in concentration, fumbling with the condom. Frank was still watching, hands clenching and unclenching on the bedsheets again, and Gerard pressed an open mouth against Frank's thigh before grabbing his own cock and lining up to push inside.

"Ok?" he asked Frank.

"Ok," Frank mouthed, hands trailing over his own skin. Gerard blinked, giving a few careful flexes of his hips till he'd sunk in to the hilt. Frank was hot around him and felt so fucking good he was sure for a moment he was dreaming, searching blindly for Frank's hands till he could twine their fingers together and squeeze. He stretched to kiss him, fumbling to catch his mouth properly, snapping his hips harder in frustration when he could only get so close. Frank's head fell back against the pillows, his neck stretched bare and inviting, and Gerard leaned forward to taste the creamy skin. Frank's breath wheezed into his ear, and Gerard stifled a growl, snapping his hips even harder. Frank just took it all, squirming and moaning, and it wasn't enough.

Gerard pulled out with a soundless curse, rolling Frank over onto his side to push into him from behind, and he sighed in relief, leaning over his shoulder to mouth along his neck and ear. "Been such...a long time...fuck, Frank...never wanna stop." Frank answered with a desperate-sounding groan, reaching an arm back till he touched skin. Gerard buried his face in Frank's hair, speeding up his strokes till he felt Frank clench and stiffen around him, wrapping his hands around Frank's shoulders and thrusting blindly till he came with a groan, sinking his teeth deep into the flesh of Frank's shoulder as his hips stuttered to a stop.

He drifted for a while, listening to Frank's breathing, brushing his lips along the soft knobs of Frank's vertebrae until his muscles relaxed. Frank immediately rolled over onto his stomach, the motion separating their bodies, and Gerard moaned weakly at the fresh twinge of sensation on the over-sensitized skin of his cock. He sat up to dispose of the condom, and when he turned around Frank was looking straight at him, reaching up to brush Gerard's wet, tangled, sweaty hair out of his face. He was smiling wider than the jack-o-lantern inked on his back. "Hey," he said when he had finally pushed all the strands of hair away.

Gerard grinned back. "Hey," he replied, slipping back under the covers. It really was cold in Frank's apartment, but less so when Frank cuddled back up next to him, plucking at the sheets to claim his fair share.

"I still have to show you my comic book collection," he said lightly. Gerard chuckled. Looking at Frank, he still thought he was out of his league, but listening to him, he knew he was with someone who'd maybe, against all odds, actually understand him. He reached out to touch him, finding the sharp ridge of Frank's hipbone and tracing his fingers over it gently, repeatedly, till the rain and the soft puffs of Frank's breath put him to sleep.

*

Gerard woke the next morning to the continued sounds of the rain and the far-off patter of drip coffee. He smiled to himself despite the empty half of the bed next to him, and stretched luxuriously, rolling over to bury his face in the cool cotton of Frank's pillow for a moment. It smelled like him. Gerard inhaled a few times, feeling creepy as fuck, but, hell. No one had to know. After a few minutes, though, his need for coffee and a cigarette drove him to sit up, and that's when he saw the t-shirt and boxers sitting at the foot of the bed, neatly folded. Gerard grabbed the shirt first - it was a Black Flag t-shirt that looked like Frank had owned it approximately forever. He slipped it over his head before tugging on the boxers - those were a little tight, but not too bad. Fuck, Frank was tiny. He flashed back to last night, to how easy it had been to wrap around him. He wanted to do it again.

Padding silently out to the kitchen, he found Frank with his back to the doorway, smoking a cigarette out the kitchen window. He was also dressed in a t-shirt and boxers. Gerard leaned up against his back, wrapping his arms around Frank's torso. "Good morning," he said, brushing his lips over Frank's neck.

"Morning," Frank replied. Gerard was maybe a little irrationally pleased when he reached back and stuck his half-smoked cigarette between Gerard's lips. "There's coffee," he said, his head tilted back, forehead pressing against Gerard's neck. Gerard plucked the cigarette out of his mouth and passed it back. Coffee would be good, but he had two out of three things he'd been craving and wasn't inclined to hurry.

"There's you too," he whispered, nudging Frank's head so he could kiss him, only able to reach his jaw.

Frank giggled. "No reason you can't have both." He got rid of the cigarette butt and nudged Gerard until he could reach the coffeemaker. Gerard let go, glancing out the window - yep, still raining - and shivered a little at a puff of cold air. Frank filled two coffee mugs, reaching over to close the window and giving Gerard a kiss. Gerard picked up a mug. The ceramic was practically scalding compared to the chill in the air. He followed Frank into the living room, sitting on the threadbare couch and sipping cautiously at the steaming liquid. It was bad. Really, really bad. Frank was a coffee murderer. Frank was - okay, he was in Gerard's lap. Gerard could put up with bad coffee for that. But Frank was stealing the mug away. "You don't have to drink that."

"I like it," Gerard told him, reaching out. At least it was warm. Although, Frank was warm, too.

"It's crap," Frank said. "We can swing by Starbucks later. There's one right down the corner. The evil empire of coffee is everywhere."

Satisfied for the moment with the promise of Starbucks, he curved his arms loosely around Frank and watched him flip through the channels until he found Looney Tunes. "I root for Wile E. Coyote, dude," Frank told him, laying his head down on Gerard's shoulder. They watched in silence for a minute or two. The doomed coyote was constructing something particularly unsafe in an abandoned mine shaft. "You like vegan Italian cuisine?" Frank asked him. Gerard did. He also liked the feel of Frank's hand sneaking underneath his shirt.

Gerard pulled him closer. "I like everything as long as we don't have to get out of here for too long." He knew they couldn't shut out the rest of the world indefinitely. He really ought to call his brother at some point, and Frank wasn't getting out of his promise of coffee, but for now, this was exactly what he wanted.