Hina's ENF Stories
by anonenffan

Chapter 2 -  Hina Goes Car Shopping

The following week had been…exciting, to say least. Hina had won the Mega Bux Lottery, but that was the single good thing about the last couple of days.

There were many mishaps at the laundromat. Ones that left her naked. Her car couldn’t even quite make it home. Hina had made a plan to sew together a towel into a dress so she could go get her clothes back, but she had gotten a bit distracted when she heard the winning numbers, which resulted in one ruined towel.

Hina had later made a “dress” using a bed sheet, which proved to be more convincing. The brunette was able to get her clothes home, though with her car at the mechanic’s, the whole process had to be done on foot.

With the aid of one of her friends, Hina had claimed her prize and started to think of things to do with it.

As Hina slammed the lid on the empty trunk of her car, she had decided on the first thing. The mechanic had told her that the old vehicle was ready to fall apart, which was fine by her: she was going to replace it.

Once she was sure all her stuff was cleaned out of the vehicle, she got in and started the vehicle. It quickly rumbled to life.

“Oooh, it only takes one try now!” Hina said. She smiled, but then that smile faded as the car began to rumble again.

“Right, it’s still an old piece of junk. Well, that doesn’t matter today!” Hina renewed her smile and backed out of the parking space to her apartment.

As she drove down the street, she passed the laundromat. A slight blush ran over her face, memories of her little misadventure running through her mind. At the time, she did not like what had happened. Looking back… A small part of her found it…fun!

The car still had some vibrations that, when combined with the thoughts of the past, sent a little tingle up her spine.

Hina glanced downward, looking at her clothes: a long t-shirt and some short shorts. Under that, only some bright blue panties; Hina had neglected to put a bra on that day.

Ahead of her were some train tracks, with a train holding up traffic. She was going to be there a while, and perverted thoughts were starting to show up in her mind.

Hina remembered being naked in her car. Its shaking had felt good on her most private area. Part of her wanted to feel that again.

But she couldn’t get naked again. That was too much. However, as she thought about it, she didn’t have to get naked. She could keep her shirt; it was the shorts and panties that had to go.

Hina bit her lip. Could she do this? It was a good feeling…and she could just put those clothes back on when she got to the dealer…

It seemed like the train she was stopped at was going nowhere fast. Hina couldn’t deny the little thrill. She unbuckled her seat belt and pulled her shirt up, exposing her midriff. That wasn’t so bad.

Hina next unbuttoned her shorts and looked around. Nobody seemed to be looking her way. So, she pushed her shorts down and lifted herself to get them down her legs.

Hina slid them over her ankles and set them in the seat next to her. She took a deep breath as her bright blue panties were now on display. Her blush felt quite a bit hotter. What was she doing? Was she…choosing…to take her clothes off?

It seemed to be so as she hooked her thumbs into her panties and pushed downward. Soon, the bright blue underwear joined her shorts in the passenger seat.

The bottomless girl re-buckled her seat belt and spread her legs a bit. Hina felt the fabric of the car seat and the vibrations it gave. Time felt like it slowed down as the pleasurable feelings started to dance through her.

If anyone looked at her, her shirt was long enough to cover what needed to be covered. Hina was sure of it.

The vibrations of her faulty old car had her in a dreamlike state. A warm feeling started to build between her legs. Hina couldn’t act on that: she was in public, after all.

The car behind her honked, snapping her back to reality. She was driving, and she needed to focus; Hina resumed her journey.

Finally, she arrived at the car dealer. They mostly dealt in luxury cars, and Hina knew she was going to treat herself to something special.

When she opened her car door, Hina heard a familiar voice.

“Noooo, please! I know I can do this!”

It was a feminine voice. Hina located its source and saw one of her best, most loyal friends, Stacy. Hina leaned out of the car, wanting to listen to what was going on.

“All right, all right,” said a man in a suit. “You get one more chance. If you can’t sell one car today, you’re fired!”

“I’ll sell a car, don’t worry!” Stacy said nervously.

Hina scratched her head. Stacy always seemed to be trying out different jobs. Every week or two she seemed to be doing something different. Whatever the case, Hina decided she’d do her best friend a favor and buy a car from her! Right after she re-dressed her bottom half.

—-

Stacy looked around, wondering how she could successfully sell a car, then saw a new arrival in the parking area before the big dealership windows. She recognized that beat-up old car, and her face lit up.

“Hina, is that you?” she shouted.

Hina’s eyes widened. She looked and saw Stacy was coming! There was no time to put her panties and shorts back on, but she couldn’t leave them there. The brunette picked them up and hid them under the seat. She then tugged her shirt down to cover more of her body.

“H-hey Stacy!” Hina managed to say as her friend approached her car.

“Hey there Hina! What brings you here? Finally came to trade in this old piece of junk, eh?” Stacy said, really wanting to make a sale. “Sounded like the muffler was ready to fall off!”

Hina blushed, still very much aware that she was bottomless. “Y-yeah.”

“Well, that’s great! You can be my first sale! Hop on out, and I’ll show you the finest used cars available!” Stacy said.

Used? Hina was hoping for something new. But then again, she was doing this to help her friend. Picking out the best ride would probably have helped Stacy the most.

“Sure!” Hina said, trying to hide her little problem. “Just uh…let me get in a good parking spot real quick, and I’ll be happy to browse.” Hina smiled, trying to set her friend at ease.

“Oooh, there’s one right there!” Stacy said, pointing to one nearby.

Great. Her one shot at privacy, and Stacy just ruined it. She didn’t like this, but she was going to have to browse cars with her bottom half uncovered. Her shirt covered what it needed, but a simple breeze could change that in a second.

“Good eye, Stacy!” Hina said. She put her car in the spot, parked it, and pulled out the keys. Hina took a deep breath, opened her car door, and stepped outside.

Immediately, Hina felt a chilling air between her legs. More so because of a little bit of moisture caused by a bit of warmth. What could be worse than being caught bottomless? Being caught bottomless and aroused, that’s what.

Hina shut the door to her car reluctantly: she was shutting away access to coverage! She forced a smile on her face as Stacy approached.

“All right, so what kind of price range are you thinking of?” Stacy said, unaware of her friend’s predicament.

“Oh you know, I’m feeling a bit um…adventurous.” Hina said, unsure of her choice of words. “Just show me your best looking cars!”

“Right this way!” Stacy said, leading the blushing brunette towards the front of the lot.

Hina followed like a lost child, tugging down on her shirt hem, hoping nobody would notice. Further, that nobody would notice she wasn’t wearing shorts or panties. Hina wanted to just sprint back to her car and grab her clothes, but she didn’t want to draw attention to herself.

She started to worry when she noticed that Stacy was leading her towards the part of the lot facing the street.

“Over here?” Hina said.

“Yep, the best looking cars face the street so potential buyers see them!” Stacy said. “Right this way,” she said, leading Hina a bit further closer towards the sidewalk so she could see the front of the cars.

Hina felt her heart thumping. Buy a high end car to help her friend? No problem! Stand near the street with no shorts or panties? Problem!

“See any you like?” Stacy said, catching the worried look on Hina’s face as she slowly walked to stand next to her friend. “Is something wrong?”

“N-no!” Hina said, with a blush. “I just gotta think…” she said, glancing around. The sooner she picked out a car, the sooner she could get her well-rounded bare tush out of public view. After a moment, a beautiful red convertible had caught her attention. Not only was it a good-looking car, it had dark tinted windows for privacy, something Hina deeply wanted.

“How about that one?” Hina said, pointing the car out.

“Oooh, excellent choice!” Stacy said. “Very low miles, and a lot of luxury features!” She approached the car and looked it over. “Wait here, and I’ll get the keys so you can test drive it!”

“Okay!” Hina said, trying not to let her voice shake.

As Stacy walked off, Hina looked over the car. It was a really nice car, and she’d be happy to drive it to a dream mansion she might shop for, but at the moment she was more concerned with keeping her modesty intact. Looking in the reflective paint on the door panel, she could tell she had nothing on under her shirt. She tried tugging it down, but it wasn’t helping it cover more of her. In fact, stretching the fabric caused her nipples to press firmly against it, revealing that she didn’t have a bra on.

Hina let go of the shirt, its releasing tension causing it to briefly rise up just enough to bare her uncovered pussy. This made Hina blush a little more, though she couldn’t quite see her blush reflecting in the car’s shiny red paint.

Finally, Stacy returned with a key in her hand. “All right, let’s give this thing a test drive!” Stacy handed Hina the key and got in on the passenger side.

Hina got in, and the first thing she noticed was how clean the interior looked. The seats, especially, were made of a smooth leather surface instead of the rough fabric of her old car. It was quite comfortable to sit on, especially without anything separating her skin from the soft leather. For a brief moment, she was actually kind of glad that she was bottomless.

After putting her seat belt on, she put the key in the ignition and started it. The car seemed very quiet.

“Um… Is it started yet?” Hina asked her friend.

Stacy giggled. “You’re just not used to one that’s running correctly. This car still has warranty on it, so you won’t have to let it get like your old one over there.”

Hina noticed that if there were any vibrations from the car at all, they were very, very subtle. In fact, it wasn’t enough to be pleasurable, unlike her old car. The brunette wondered if she would miss that.

Her little trance was broken by Stacy’s sales pitch. “Okay, so here are your features. Right here’s your AC and heater, right here’s the radio, here’s the button for the roof, and these are your heated and air-conditioned seats!”

This last feature piqued Hina’s interest. Temperature controlled seats? She didn’t even know that was a thing!

“Really? I’ve never heard of that!” Hina said.

“It’s like you’ve been caught in a time warp. Here, try it out!” Stacy said.

Hina pressed the button for the heated seat, and all over where her butt and thighs touched leather, she felt a bunch of tiny warming air jets blowing on her buns, her thighs…between her thighs…up her…Well!

Having the heated seats blow on her there made it a bit difficult to focus. “Ooooh…” Hina let out a slight moan. “That is…wonderful!” Hina breathed.

“I know, right? Really helps keep the butt warm in the winter!” Stacy said with a giggle. “So, let’s get this thing on the road; soon you’ll see how a real car is supposed to run!”

“S-sure!” Hina said, putting it in gear and driving it off the lot.

Once Hina had calmed down somewhat, she realized that the car actually did perform noticeably better: Check Engine lights were normally supposed to be off, and grinding noises were not normal.

Still, she missed her old car’s vibrations.

As they rolled to a stop light, Stacy noticed a button. “Oops, I must have missed this feature! This car actually has massage seats!”

“Massage seats?” Hina said with surprise, along with a strange bit of hope.

“Yeah, it’s a really, really new thing. Try it out!” Stacy said, hitting the button.

Hina’s seat began to vibrate, and round mechanical fingers began to rotate under its surface, kneading her back, buns, and thighs. Up and down her back, down where skin met seat. There were vibrations everywhere. And they felt amazing.

Hina gasped as she began to feel more and more relaxed. Her fear of exposure seemed to melt away, and quite a bit of pleasure built, since the vibrations almost seemed to be targeted between her thighs. Hina closed her legs and shuddered. There was a building warmth, and she wanted to lift her shirt to see the effects, but she couldn’t: one of her best friends was right there!

“Hina, the light’s green,” Stacy observed.

“Huh?” Hina broke out of her trance. Her eyes looked up towards the traffic light, and indeed, it was green. Hina lightly pressed the accelerator, and the car began to move. She took a couple of turns and started making her way back towards the dealer.

“So, how do you like it?” Stacy asked.

Getting a great car and helping out her best friend? How could Hina say no?

“I love it! I think I’ll take it!” Hina said as she pulled into a parking spot.

“Great!” Stacy cheered. “My first sale! I knew I could do it! Thank you so much, Hina!” she said. “You wait over here, I’ll get all the paperwork sorted out so you can bring this baby home!”

Hina got out of the car, well aware that she was still bottomless. Her plan was simple: while Stacy was distracted with who knows how much paperwork, she’d rush over to her old car and grab her shorts and panties.

As Stacy made her way to the building, Hina noticed a worker getting in her new car.

“Stand back and little, and we’ll wash it for you real quick!” The worker said, backing out the car and pulling it into the washing lane.

Hina watched as they went to work, then turned toward where her old car was parked.

“Uh… Uh-oh… Where’s my old car?” Hina asked nervously. She’d cleaned out everything back at home, but half of her clothes were still in there!

A light breeze kissed Hina’s delicate privates and pushed the shirt up slightly, nearly exposing her bottomless state. Hina moved a hand and pushed it back down to make it cover what it could.

Hina frantically looked around the lot, but she couldn’t find her old car!

Finally, Stacy walked out, all smiles. “Well, Hina, it’s official: you are now the proud owner of a high-quality used automobile!” Stacy said, reaching out for a formal handshake.

Hina blushed and took Stacy’s hand, one hand letting go of the bottom of her shirt.

“Um… Stacy, where’s my old car?” Hina asked.

“That old thing? It really didn’t have any trade value, so I had it scrapped!” Stacy said. “Hope you don’t mind; it’s probably in the car crusher by now.”

Hina’s blood ran cold. With her old car crushed, there was no getting those shorts and panties back. She’d have to make it home bottomless.

“All the boring insurance and title stuff will be mailed to you in three business days. Here’s your receipt, and here are your keys.” Stacy said, handing Hina the new car key.

“Thanks Stacy! Well, I need to hurry home!” she said hastily. “Glad I could help you!” Hina added, now running towards her freshly-washed new car. Quickly, she got inside and started it up.

“Hey, wait!” Stacy said.

But Hina was in no mind to stop and listen; she backed out of the lot and carefully — yet quickly — made her way to the street.

Fruitlessly, Stacy called, “You forgot your old keys! I think your apartment keys are on this ring! Hina!” Stacy stood there jingling the second set of keys as her best friend drove away, heedless of her jumping and waving in her rear-view mirror.

Stacy gave up, scratched her head, and shrugged. “She’ll be back.”

Hina was glad of several things: glad to be in a new car, glad to be on her way home, and most importantly, glad she didn’t get caught with her lower half being uncovered!

As the smoother car made its way home, Hina blushed, thankful of her new privacy windows. Nobody could see inside the car easily, which helped her relax a bit. She even giggled at the naughty feeling.

Hina started to get a funny little idea in her head. She was safe in her new car. No one outside could see her, and she’d love to feel those massage seats on her whole body…

At the next stop light, Hina bit her lip and unbuckled her seat belt. With it out of the way, she grabbed the hemline of her shirt and pulled it upward. Once the shirt slid over her head, Hina placed it in the seat next to her.

She was naked now, her senses stimulated by the soft leather against her naked skin. She shuddered a little and put her seat belt back on.

The light changed, so Hina resumed driving. It was a more enjoyable experience than the previous time she was naked in her car. However, something was missing: the massage seats weren’t on.

Hina glanced at the main console, trying to recall which button it was. Driving as she was, she couldn’t divide her attention between the road and the buttons, so she took a blind guess.

Her first guess turned the radio on. That wasn’t it. The next button turned on the air conditioning. It felt heavenly, but again, that was the wrong button. Hina tried another button which didn’t do anything at all…at first.

*BZZZZZZZZ!*

Hina was startled by the sound; it sounded like it was coming from all around her! The air conditioning also seemed to be blowing harder. That’s when she realized the actual truth: she’d bought a convertible! And the top was going down, about to expose her to the world!

“No, no, no, no!” Hina muttered in an increasing state of panic, trying to glance at the console again as she drove down the road. She tried her best to keep low. She was losing her cover! The wind was picking up; this was quickly becoming a big problem.

“Come on, down! Go back down!!!” Hina shouted at the buttons, trying to find which one controlled the convertible’s top.

There was a loud honk behind her, and a car sped up to her side.

“You think the road is your trash can!?” shouted an angry driver, who sped up and kept going.

What did that mean? Hina didn’t care, as she finally found the button to bring the roof back up. She sighed with relief as she regained her hiding space.

“Phew, glad that’s over…” Hina said, finally seeing a button she hadn’t pressed yet. It was near all the other seat buttons, so it only made sense. She gave it a tap.

“Oooohhh…” Hina blushed and sighed happily. Those little knobs under the seat surfaces were working her back and legs. She felt like she was in heaven as the luxurious car pleased her nude body.

One of the knobs rolled between her legs, stimulating her pussy. Hina bit her lip as a newfound begging feeling began between her legs. She was tempted to address it now…but she was almost home. Besides, she didn’t want to leave an embarrassing stain on her new interior.

Hina pulled into her usual parking spot with a smile on her face and shut off the car, shutting off the massaging mechanism as well. Hina missed it within seconds. The brunette simply made a mental note: when she got a new house, get a massage chair for the living room!

For now, she just wanted to put her shirt back on and get back inside. She reached towards her passenger seat and…felt nothing.

Hina’s eyes went wide, and she looked down, then all over the car interior. The shirt was gone.

“No, no, no, where could it have gone!?” Hina said, glancing under the seat, finding the floor as clean as a whistle. That’s when she realized something: when she accidentally opened her roof, her shirt must have blown out!

Hina decided this bit of trouble didn’t seem too bad; she was in a worse spot less than a week ago, after all.

She took her key out of the ignition and looked at it. It was only the car key. Her apartment key, was back at the dealer. With Stacy.

Hina gulped. This left only one thing to do.

—-

Hina drove back to the dealer. She was thankful she got tinted windows. She would only have to open them a crack to let the keys slip through. Nobody would have to know she was naked. The brunette just hoped she could find Stacy.

And to her good fortune, Stacy was happily standing outside the building, waiting for a customer, spotting Hina’s new car as she drove back in. Stacy waved and smiled, approaching the driver side door.

Hina felt herself shaking, opening the window just a crack.

“Hey, Hina! You’re back!” Stacy observed. “Forget something? Something personal?” Then she winked broadly.

Hina’s face went cold. Were her shorts and panties discovered?

Stacy giggled and reached into her pocket and withdrew Hina’s keys. “You were in such a rush, you forgot these!”

“Y-yeah,” Hina said with a breath. “Y-yes I did! Thanks!” Hina admitted, reaching up to get her apartment keys.

Neither girl’s hand was quite slender enough fit a set of keys through the cracked window.

“You’re gonna have to open it wider; it won’t fit,” Stacy said.

Hina gulped and tapped the window button. What she hadn’t realized is that it was an automatic window button! It kept going down…all the way down!

“That’s better; here you go!” Stacy said, handing Hina the keys. Then she paused, her friend Hina looking like a deer caught in the headlights.

“H-hina… are… are you naked in there?” Stacy said, completely dumbfounded.

The tires of Hina’s car gave a loud screech. The tires spun causing little white smoke clouds, and Hina sped off. -  