Expose
by SweetNothingsAndBeyond

When nudity becomes a way of life!

CHAPTER: I -- The Beginning!

Hand in hand I was walking with Manav on the 'Rocky Beach' near Seven Bungalows, Versova, Andheri West, Mumbai, India.

Walking past the men I knew they could see up my extremely loose, hot-pants. I never cared as they usually just looked, sometimes one would say something like, "Wow, nice ass," I just took it as a compliment and kept walking with a smile of satisfaction in my face. I've worked very hard for my well toned body.

We walked almost to the fag end of the beach in a secluded cove and found a nice black and flat granite rock as big as a single bed to sit on. Manav looked at me and said, "You know Manisha, the guys were able to see up your hot-pants as we walked past them?"

I told him, "They always look up trying to see what they can but I don't usually wear sexy panties. I just ignore them. I wore these only for you. I guess they were able to see a little more than normal this time. That's it."

Manav said, "I remember when I'd see you, I was one of those guys looking up, wishing you would someday forget to wear your skimpy panties!"

"How many times did you see me out here?" I asked, "I mean in the past say about a month."

"Many time." Manav said, "You were definitely the talk on the beach when you showed up late in the evening in your hot-pants."

We were in a little secluded cove so the people up the beach couldn't see us.

Manav had boldly slid his right palm up my toned thighs and was playing with my hairy pussy. I'm a diehard natural. Don't believe in waxing, bleaching, shaving. Thus I love my untouched pubic bush all the way all the time.

Being a hair fetish person, Manav liked my proud possession like an ardent fan. He does spend hours in looking, lapping, licking my dark and dense pubic bush. I too enjoy the way he smell and inhale the aroma of my long and wavy dense triangle. The way he pulled, bite and chew my fleshy mound I do reach multiple orgasms without even any direct or indirect penetration

I stood up, looked around and was sure no one around; I dropped my hot-pants to the ground and removed my panties. Swinging my ass a bit seductively I asked, "Is this what you guys were hoping to see? All these days?"

"Sure!" Was his short and crispy reply.

I sat in front of him, facing the higher rocks so no boaters could see me, even from near. Manav started performing oral sex on me, I laid my head back and closed my eyes, enjoying his tongue probe my coarse pubic hair and then my long and thick outer labial walls with expertise. I came after about nine minutes! I let my legs rest to the side, wide open, feeling the cool sea breeze and my juices running down my ass-crack onto the black rock.

I opened my eyes and looked up to see a man on the trail above the beach, starring down with his cock out of his tracks, jacking off. I immediately started fingering my hairy pussy.

The guy knew I had spotted him. He was tentative. I waved, and he was relieved and waved back still pumping his cock.

I told Manav he was up there and what he was doing. I wondered if the electrician and the plumber had done the same this morning (I'm yet to disclose that story). I hadn't checked for wet spots on the floor of the TV lounge of my newly bought apartment.

Manav asked if I wanted to leave.

I said, "Okay, but I want to watch him finish first," Indicating the guy who was still jacking off, I asked Manav, "Do I have to put my panties back on when we leave or would you like to put them in your pocket? That is what all you guys wanted! Isn't it?"

He immediately picked them up and put them in his pocket saying, "You know, the guys will be able to see your HAIRY pussy as we walk by them?"

I watched the guy finish, I could see his cum squirting out of his erect cock. He put his cock back in his tracks, mouthed 'Thanks' and left with a happy face.

I was putting my hot-pants back on.

That was when Manav asked, "Are you sure you don't want to wear your panties, right?"

I said, "As long as you don't mind. I've thought about not wearing them for a long time. Particularly when I come here for my evening walk. I just never had anyone with me to protect me. But now with you around I feel more safe and comfortable."

Manav was grinning ear to ear as I walked in front of him, both of us knowing my pussy was on display for the passer-bys.

One of the regular guys on the sand lying on his back over a bed-sheet, I see when I walk past said in an exciting tone, "It's about time," as we walked by.

I stopped near him, standing over his bald head and pulled my shorts to the side, completely exposing my shiny leaking pussy to him, saying "Is this what you meant?"

He'd a big smile on his wrinkled face and could just react, "Ohh... Yes..."

******

CHAPTER: II -- The Confession!

We returned to his car and Manav being human opened my side door and as he did I said with a smile, "I'm glad you don't mind me showing off!" He just smiled back as I continued, "I love to see the expressions on strangers faces when they see me looking sexy and inviting!"

Manav said, "As long as you like it, it is okay with me. I find it exciting too."

It only takes about ten minutes to get back to my apartment and as we rode, I mulled over in my head whether to tell him about what had happened the morning.

After tossing about the debate for a while, I decided to tell him. Not because I was very blunt and honest in my approach. But I didn't want him finding out about it from the workers, if at all the discussions creep up subsequently in due course of time. Anyway they were coming back the next morning and I was hoping Manav would still be there tomorrow morning.

We sat on the couch, just as we had the previous night and I poured us a glass of imported Chilean red wine. This time I sat close to him though.

I started by asking, "Does he remembered last night when you were leaving, I stood at the French bay-window naked to wave goodbye?"

He said, "How could I forget?"

"Well, after you left, I decided to lay back down on the couch, still nude, to think about our night and the feeling of you touching me, kissing me and coming in me, I closed my eyes for just a second. But when I woke up naked in the morning to the commotion between the electrician and the plumber. One was tapping my naked shoulder and the other my naked thigh, the guy whom I had never seen before, staring at me with hawk's eyes."

Manav coolly asked me what I did?

I continued with my monologue, "I got up and tried to quickly wrap myself in the sheet, but in my haste I only partially covered myself. I then ran to the bathroom to shower. I made the mistake of putting my sheet and then my towel down my laundry chute. I had forgotten I had nothing to cover up with. I put one hand over my pussy and covered my tits as best I could with the other. I then made a dash for the bedroom but I tripped over an electric cord. I had to reach out to keep from falling and doing so I straddled the guy working in the hallway, I ended up having my pussy right on his face. He was dumb-founded! I think I felt his tongue in me!"

Manav chuckled and said, "I wish I could have seen that exciting happening!"

I didn't know whether to be mad or relieved? This strange man wasn't upset at all at my carelessness! Rather getting excited the way things happened!

Manav saw the puzzled look on my face and said, "Look Manisha, we've only known each other for the past few days. I'm not your husband. Nor even your boyfriend. Even though I'd like to be yours' with your due approval. I've watched you pass by the 'Rocky Beach' for months. Never looking at us though. We always know when you're coming as you getting-in sound like one of those galloping horses when you walk! They gave you the nickname: 'Bouncy Boobs'! Because your tits always bounced a lot as you stride past us in brisk steps."

I told Manav, "I had no idea my boobs bounced like that, I always wear the most firm supported sporty-bra I can find."

Manav continued, "If you'd slow down you wouldn't make so much noise and your boobs wouldn't bounce so much."

I asked three questions point blank to Manav, "You've been watching me stride by for months? And did I hear you right?? That you want to be my new boyfriend???"

Manav replied, "Yes, on all counts."

All I said with a giggle, "Why don't you plan on spending tonight night here? I need to know if you snore!" I tried concluding the statement in a lighter note.

******

CHAPTER: III -- The Bar! No Bar!

It was about 8 o'clock our moods were pretty high when Manav asked, "Would you like to go for a drink at the bar where mostly I go?"

I replied spontaneously, "Sure," Then added, "What should I wear?"

"Just wear what you have on," He replied coolly, "But lose the bra if you want".

I said, "But this tank is quite see through in the normal light."

He smiled and said, "I know," Then went a step further, "That'd be the fun element for the evening."

I added, "Great, I too hate wearing a bra." Saying so I removed my top and the bra, he almost shivered with my quick action. Without giving any reaction time, I put back my tank top back devoid of any undergarment below. My opulent boobs through the translucent top were a treat to sore eyes.

Manav said, "God! You look good to be eaten!" And stepped forward for a grab and kiss.

I retreated a couple of steps back and replied with a tease, "No more touching, until we are back from the bar."

"That's a punishment." He added with a disappointed look on his face.

"Yes, I know. But I don't want to re-do my lip-gloss." I replied and came near to pat his face to pep him up.

He nodded in support statement, "But don't blame me when we'd be back from the bar."

"Why?" I teased, "Do you have any intentions of raping me then?"

"Not exactly," He smirked, "But close to that!"

"Trying to scare me?"

"You probably deserve that then for torturing me so far." He said indicating to his bulging crotch.

"I knew that..." I said giggling, "No matter what the light would be there in the bar," I said with a pause, "The crowd would be able to see my aroused nipples quite easily." I concluded with a nervous smile.

"That was the whole purpose of the evening..." He replied with sarcasm, "...To wake up the people at the right place!" He emphasised the word 'place', while mildly squeezing the tent of his crotch, made me to giggle even further.

I really wanted to please Manav unconditionally. Probably I'd fallen in love with him. And that was the sole reason why I almost agreed in showing my boobs off even to strangers.

******

We entered the bar and it was a constant stream of guys saying, 'Hi' and wanting to meet Manav's date, ogling at my chest instead of my eyes. It was a rather strange feeling, but I must agree -- I liked it!

We ordered Margarita and Manav asked, "Would you mind to play some pool?"

I always enjoyed playing pool. It was my weakness in the bars particularly when I observe guys look into my low-cut deep-neck tee-tops when I stoop down to aim my shots.

Even though I wasn't any good at playing pool, I always love playing at the men! A sort of 'Mind Game' -- I termed as a winning theme for distracting even the best.

You put a quarter on the table and the winner played the person with the next quarter. I won the game, actually Manav lost deliberately to give me a moral boost to start with.

That was probably the right kind of catalyst I needed that particular late evening.

I proceeded to win a lot of games, and I knew the desperate guys were letting me win quite easily so they could look down my top when I was taking my shots.

I was fully aware they could see my naked boobs when I bent over the pool table as my top hung loosely.

A guy finally decided to end his friends and my winning streak and beat me hollow.

Too bad!

No more show for them!

They had to settle for a see through show!

Though equally nice, but not the same!

The interior of the bar was shaped like the English alphabet the 'L'. I and Manav decided to grab a table for two near the rear part of the 'L' where it would be a little quieter and more private for our exclusive evening.

Half a dozen of Manav's friends came and sat with us.

I'm sure it was to talk with Manav and no other reason!

The alcohol was flowing freely. I would no sooner finish a drink and another was set in front of me. I'm not sure but I think they were trying to get me drunk. They didn't know I knew how to pace my intake and I could also hold my liquor with the best of them.

Also, and very important, I had Manav introduce me to the bartender when we first arrived and went to the bar to get our first drink. I asked him to short shot my drinks all night. He winked and said he understood. That did the trick for the rest of the evening.

They, on the other hand were all getting a little tipsy, including Manav. One in particular was very nice when Manav introduced him but as he drank he became rather a little crude. Having been in Mumbai for the past five years, I knew how to handle his type. It's simple: Keep a safe distance and watch out for his eager hands.

Even though I was drinking weak drinks, booze is booze. It was the booze ultimately starting to work on me, slowly but surely.

The juke box was playing and Amit, one of the guys Manav told me he played cards with asked me to dance with him, if it was alright with Manav. Manav said he was fine with it. I always loved to dance when my mood is high. So, without thinking twice I said, 'Yes'.

It was a fast song and as we danced we were close together because there wasn't a lot of room on the weekend crowded floor. Amit's hands would occasionally brush my boobs as we danced. I just figured it was because we were forced to dance almost on top of each other because of the space constraint.

The music stopped and a slow song started, I turned to sit down but Amit took my arm and said let's dance again. He pulled me in close to him and I felt his hands move to my tight ass, giving my cheeks a little deliberate squeeze. I said please don't and he obediently moved his hands up to my back though quite reluctantly. When the song ended and I was turning away his hand ran across my boob giving it a little parting squeeze. I knew by now the previous brushes were no accident either.

Closing time and we were kicked out. I gave each of the six guys a kiss and hug when we left the bar close to mid-night.

******

CHAPTER: IV -- The Little Peep Show! And The Talk After!

It was a hot, sunny day. After getting ready Manav asked, "Would you like to take a stroll on the 'Rocky Beach' again before we started painting the guest bedroom?"

How could I refuse to such an alluring proposition, that to from a person I've started to develop a soft corner for? I asked him, "What should I wear!"

"Wear whatever you want to," He replied with his trademark smile, "You look good in anything! And better with nothing!"

I had an outfit that had really short hot-pants with a matching crop top. That when I only buttoned up the top three buttons, would easily blow up and expose my big boobs with just the slightest breeze and today it was kind of windy! Giving the right opportunity!

I checked out where electrician was and decided I needed to give him a last look. It was a kind of my litmus test for checking my sensuality before proceeding to the 'Rocky Beach'.

I positioned myself in front of him with the wall mirror diagonally opposite and dropped my car keys. Checking to see if he was looking, I bent over at the waist to pick them up giving him not only a great view of my hanging boobs but also a great view of my fleshy ass.

I didn't have to look at his eyes for the answer. As I was straightening myself up, his bulging crotch said it all. I dispersed with a satisfactory smile as to my dress had the desired effect and impact I intended to have.

As we got in the car Manav kissed my right cheek and said in the right spirit, "I noticed you gave the poor electrician a very nice show before we left. That must have made his day! But given a chance I bet you'd like to fuck him?" He concluded with a question mark.

"I don't know, I guess I'd have to 'Examine' his cock first!" I replied to gauge his mood.

"Well, I think if you asked him..." Manav took a pause to complete, "He'd be glad to let you 'Examine' him!" He said looking into my eyes for an answer.

I turned my face to the other side looking at the road and replied, "I think I would have to 'Measure' him first!"

"Measure him? What for? And with what?" Manav's inquisitiveness was an all time high.

"Well, to know whether he possesses my kind of the tool or not. And secondly with a measuring cup it is always easy to measure such things!" I tried to play along with the right kind of reply to create a ripple in Manav's heart.

"Measuring cup? You can't be serious? A cock can't be measured with a measuring cup!" Manav concluded his statement with his theoretical findings.

"Then why the hell women possess the mouths? For pasta and pizza only? Well, my mouth is the best measurement device for a cock to get a conclusion whether it deem fit to be inside my pussy or not!" I said like a research analyst.

"Ohh that way!" Manav tried to be normal, "I'm sure he would love getting measured that way."

I wasn't really sure if Manav was kidding with me or if he actually wouldn't mind if I gave the young electrician a real blow job. But as he was playing it off, I too intended to play along and said, "I know I'd love to. I love a cock exploding in my mouth after feeling it grow, tense up and then spasm, filling my mouth with hot potent cum, over flowing my oral orifice, and there can't be any better protein intake than swallowing the virile cum of a real man in a greedy mouth!"

There was a sudden break, and I realised with a jolt that we have reached 'Rocky Beach'.

******

CHAPTER: V -- Becoming A Bitch On The Beach!

I was walking along the dry path of the beach towards the less crowded end of the long beach. The pleasant breeze was doing its desired trick with my teasing top. I felt my nipples getting hard as the cool sea breeze passed over my mostly exposed breasts with my top brushing against them so gently.

I felt empowered as I had never let my tits be so exposed in the past while walking the beach with passer-by ogling at my pride possession. But being in a colourful mode, my mood was carefree.

We rounded the corner of the secluded cove, finding no one there we found our rock seat, washed clean by the high tides of previous night.

I felt my skin getting sunburnt and cooed in Manav's ear that I needed to put some lotion on. He nodded and instructed me to lie on the rock seat. He was carrying his knapsack, which he opened and pulled out the beach towel and spread it out on the rock seat.

He then got out a bottle of sun tan lotion and stood up before me. I saw some boaters out on the bay, but they were too far away to see anything. I turned and sat before Manav staring into his eyes.

He reached out and untied my top letting it fall to the other lower height rock. For the first time, I was topless on a public place. Neither I tried to stop him nor did I tried to cover myself up. Whether it was my mood or his company I could not fathom out.

I sat there still trembling with anticipation as he stripped me all naked. I let Manav eye me for awhile before I stooped forward and pulled at his Bermuda. His massive cock was still hard and thrust upwards magnificently. I pulled down his Bermuda all the way to his ankle and suppressed the urge to yell in excitement as the huge purple mushroom head fell towards me, all eager to draw attention.

I leaned forward and planted a lingering and affectionate kiss on the dangerously looking big and swelling head. I was preparing myself mentally to take that beasty cock in my eager mouth when he pulled me to my feet.

He opened the bottle of lotion and squirted it into his palm and then some more into his other palm. He reached out and began rubbing the soothing lotion onto my perky boobs and around my excited nipples.

My eyes were open and staring at his cock as he covered my body with suntan lotion. I murmured softly when he tweaked my long nipples and sighed as he ran his hands down my stomach towards the hairy crotch. He pulled me forward and into his strong arms. My oiled naked body was rubbing against his.

Manav's long and thick cock was squished between us and it reached up all the way to the bottom of my naked breasts. He continued to massage me with the lotion, kneading it into my smooth back as I rubbed my excited body against his sweaty one.

He moved his hands down to my fleshy ass and covered my ass-cheeks with generous amount of lotion. When he had finished, I stepped back and did the same for him. The only difference was his hands were masculine whereas mine were feminine. I revelled the feeling of his hard muscular body, as I ran my hands all over him with love and affection with better attention at all the right (or wrong) places!

When he was as wet as myself with the sun-tan lotion, I poured some liberal quantity on the base of his throbbing cock and continued to squirt more lotion along the length and towards the crown, which was hovering in the air before me like a black python.

I rubbed the lotion well onto his dangerous looking cock, running both my tiny looking hands up and down its massive length hearing him grunt with pleasure at my efforts. My continuous efforts paid its dividend as his mammoth cock woke up to its full glory as an African anaconda! I was wondering as to when the serpentine looking shaft would go all wild to enter into my hairy caverns?

******

CHAPTER: VI -- Fucking In The Open!

"I want your pussy now," He hissed.

I just nodded, staring at her hands running along his glistening cock. Never taking my eyes off his monster, I knelt before him and kissed the crown now smelling of sun tan lotion. I lie back on the beach towel and spread my legs, looking up at him my face was a mixture of fear and trepidation.

Manav knelt between my inviting legs and grabbing his knapsack, he pushed it under my head to prop it up so that I could watch him penetrate me. He pushed my legs further open like a pair of well spread out eagle wings exposing more of my dark secrets to his raw view.

Manav slowly worked his way closer to me so that his cock was slowly approaching the hairy entrance to my apprehensive vagina, thus increasing my anxiety to the next level.

He saw the fear in my eyes as he continued to bring his pride possession closer and closer. He could see how wet I was as he stopped the throbbing head an inch away from my anticipating pussy.

He teased me with its purple head before moving it the remaining inch and I spasmed in a large orgasm as soon as Manav's monstrous cock head touched my outer labia, he hadn't even penetrated me yet. But the strong orgasm had already had a body shattering experience.

Manav just slid his cock along my long and puffy slit waiting for me to recover completely.

When I had quit moaning totally, looked at him in awe at the sheer control his powerful body had over my petite frame.

Most of the time, Manav was either grinning at her or looking like he was about to kill her with his intense look and beasty intruder. Gradually, his face became expressionless, except that his brows were sweaty and knit in concentration at the task he had on hand.

He pushed down his long cock a little and she felt stretched open in consequent effect.

Manav loved to watch his dick disappear inside a woman -- Of all shape, size and age! Even after taking hundreds of women, since he became a major, yet it never failed to amaze him that they could stretch their pussy walls to the optimum limit of its elasticity to accommodate his big piece of cock meat.

With a loud slurping sound the huge crowned head of his cock disappeared into her awfully tight cunt, plugging her like a big cork on the mouth of a bottle of wine. He saw Manisha staring at her beasty intruder in amazement, as her vaginal muscles squeezing to pull more of him inside her. She felt as if her excited pussy had got a mind of its own and was acting spontaneously when her mind was totally blank.

Manav grinned and willingly complied with her body's sexual demand in a more considerate way. He pushed a little more and with that over five inches of his nearly one footer was inside her!

He watched in sheer sadistic pleasure as her eyes roll up into the back of her head as she moaned deliriously. At five and half inches he stopped and asked Manisha with a smirk on his proud face, "Ready to go beyond what you had ever experienced before?"

"We've already way beyond that!" Manisha replied enjoying every moment of his thick cock inside her starving pussy.

He pushed six inches in and she started whimpering as she tossed her head from side to side.

At seven inches, she felt completely filled, her body writhing in ecstasy around his magnificent cock.

Beyond that the pleasure was all gone!

"Manav please stop it hurts like hell!" She yelled frantically as he pushed it in from seven to eight inches.

He didn't seem to care that it was hurting her and the pain reminded her of what a bastard he really was.

Why had she let herself sink this far.

His cock didn't feel good, it only looked good.

"Aaahhhhhh! Ooohhhhhh!! Uuummmmmm!!!" It actually hurt being stretched this much and she started to cry from both the torment between her legs and the joy of knowing that she wasn't enjoying cheating on his fiancé Amit, who was away to Toronto on a three month on the job training.

Her pussy was rubbing against the invader and she could feel her juices flowing around it like never before.

"Oooiiiieeeee... Mmaaaammmaaaaaa..." She jumped from the pain as he tried to push it in deeper, but to no avail. The so good to talk to and behaved Manav had suddenly turned into a sexual beast within no time of capturing her and nailing her down with his monster of a cock! Oh God, she hated him so much and also she hated his big cock so very much!

Manav had apparently given up getting any more of it inside her and was moving his hips in little circular motions, letting only about three inches slide in and out of her, letting her get accustomed to his unusual length and girth.

"Oouuucccchhhhh!" She screamed in pain that her hated new found boyfriend couldn't defile her with any more of his cock than eight inches.

"Aaahhhhhh..." She gasped, raising her hips to meet his hated cock.

Unknown to her, she was matching to his thrusts now in a rhythmic way.

"Nnnoooooo..." She pleaded as he pulled all but the mushroom head out.

She was really afraid that he would stop fucking her.

Then she cried in sheer pain of pleasure, "Ooohhhhhh... Mmmyyyyyy... Gaawwwdddd... Yeesss!" As he pushed all eight inches back into her again with a single smooth stroke.

Her pussy was clamping down around his wonderful cock as another orgasm overwhelmed her.

Manisha recovered faster this time and wanting more of his cock to pound her. She started pinching her long, oil soaked nipples, moaning as the sensations added to the pleasure she was getting from Manav's incredible fuck stick.

"I had no idea it would be this good," She yelled to the world. Manisha was shaking all over from the pleasure of her first fuck. Amit's little penis didn't count as sex. Manisha would forever remember this day as the day she lost her virginity. She started turning her head back and forth again as she felt his cock started to tremble and swell up in her sloggy pussy.

He was about to cum and his orgasm was triggering hers.

******

CHAPTER: VII -- Two Better Than One!

Manisha looked inland at the coconut-groove then out at the bay, then at the groove again, then at the lonely boat.

BOAT!

She turned and looked at the boat just as Manav's cock exploded within her pussy and she screamed in mutual orgasm.

The MAN on the BOAT came when she did come with a body shattering orgasm. He had come in close, rather very close, while they were fucking and started masturbating while watching them fucking like crazy.

Manav had just fucked her in front of a complete stranger. The MAN on the BOAT waved and yelled, "Thanks!" then as he was about to power up the motor and cruised back out into the bay, Manisha laid there still waiting for the horror and shame of being caught screwing her new found lover boy in front of a total stranger, come to overwhelm her but the guilt never came in that magnitude. Instead she felt her pulse pounding from the thrill of exhibitionism.

She just laid back on the beach towel feeling Manav's sperm pouring out of her saturating pussy. She was completely satisfied and laid back closing her eyes, enjoying every moment of it. She felt something pushing at her lips and opened her mouth to receive Manav's cock tasting the remains of his orgasm on her tongue, wishing she could swallow a whole load of his cum again.

"That's like a real good SLUT," Manav informed Manisha. "You clean that cock off good and I'll fuck you again tonight with renewed vigour."

She did as he ordered; cleaning both their juices off his cock with her tongue. When he was satisfied, he pulled her to her feet to get dressed up and move. But Manav's last sentence using the word 'SLUT' had hurt Manisha beyond repair.

She was in a vengeance.

She looked around for the BOAT and its MAN... He was waiting standing on the BOAT... As if anticipating a signal from her. She casually waved at him. And he literally jumped on to the shallow water with two bottles of beer in his either hands.

As Manav turned his head to see at whom Manisha had waved, the BOATMAN was already near them with a cheek to cheek grin, "Hey sexy!" He referred to my, to my amazement added, "How about a chilled beer in a hot and humid morning?" He asked me while handing over a bottle to me, but did not even bother to look at Manav, as if he does not exist for him.

I had to cut in for the sake of decency, "Meet Manav my friend..." I introduced both. He just said "Hi!" to him and handed over another bottle to him then walked over to us, me being still naked, he reached out to feel my excited boob. Manav pushed his hand aside and told him not to touch without asking, "If she wants you to feel her up, she'll tell you!" Said Manav in a voice of anxiety and surrender.

I was surprised that Manav basically just told the BOATMAN, and me, it was ok with him if the BOATMAN felt me up if I wanted him to. I guess that meant he was also okay about the ELECTRICIAN, PLUMBER or anyone for that matter.

"Go ahead BOATMAN!" I said in a sublime tone of anguish and hurt, "If Manav doesn't mind, neither do I. I really like having my tits fondled by a man, a real man!"

The BOATMAN's big hands immediately started playing with my breasts then one hand went for my pussy, inserting his thick digit, something totally different than Manav's touch and feel. I looked over at Manav and he had a big smile on his face.

I said point blank, "Manav do you want me to fuck the BOATMAN?" I was anticipating a near revolt from him. But his reply rather surprised me more!

He replied with a sly smile, "Yes, but I want to watch you suck him first!" I couldn't believe what I heard! Or rather what he'd just said. So with a near vengeance I told the excited BOATMAN to strip.

With that, the BOATMAN pulled down his slacks. He had a nice looking cock, though shorter in length than Manav, but certainly of the same thickness or may be a bit more! I felt like a 'SLUT' -- That was what Manav had referred to me a while ago, and quickly took the cock into my mouth. He was soon rigid as I sucked him tasting his pre-cum. I stopped and asked Manav if he wanted me to suck him off or fuck him.

Manav in turn asked the BOATMAN what he wanted and he said almost immediately, "I want to fuck you MANISHA!"

I was shocked!

"How you know my name?" I asked with surprise.

Well, I'm your new neighbour. Moved in about a week back. I saw you bidding goodbye to your boy-friend the other day in the mid-night. He was totally dressed and you were totally naked! I was so aroused looking at your naked body through the magic-eye that I felt like breaking open your main door and fuck you right then and there, once your boy-friend left. But with much difficulty, I could control my urge. Now I realise, waiting has its own rewards." Saying so he stepped forward.

I laid on the rock and spread my legs, "Be my guest -- BOATMAN!"

"RAGHU PILLAI! Call me RAGHU!" He said as he aligned his cock at my entrance, his cock went in easily as I was already very wet with the previous fuck session. As Raghu pumped my pussy, Manav dropped his Bermuda. His cock was already erect and he just made a comfortable position to put it in my mouth. I was in my glory as I sucked Manav and felt Raghu pumping my vagina like a mad man.

All of a sudden Raghu tensed and I could feel his cock pulsing inside me, the warmth of his cum filling my pussy, he came and came till his juices were running out and down across my asshole onto the rock.

Raghu pulled out and within no time Manav put his cock in me, rocking back and forth.

Then, to my surprise, I felt Manav inserting his thick digit into my asshole. He had no problem as I was well lubricated with Raghu's massive amount of cum. As he fingered my asshole and fucked my pussy I could feel myself about to have another mighty orgasm. With a muffled scream, I came, my juices mixing with Raghu's already deposited cum.

Manav pulled out and told me to roll over on all four and put my ass in the air.

I had never been fucked in my ass before but I knew I was about to be. I told Manav I had never done anal. He told me to just relax, that he would be gentle and take his time.

I saw Raghu out of the corner of my eye, stroking his cock, becoming erect.

Manav was fingering my pussy as he slowly inserted the head of his cock into my ass. It felt so good and I was able to take him without pain. Manav was slowly pumping my ass with his cock when Raghu sat in front of me and put his now hard cock to my mouth. I opened up and he let his cock slide between my lips.

I sucked his cock as Manav fucked my ass, now with more force. I was going to come again when Raghu and Manav both shot their loads into me making my orgasm that was much better than the ones I had before. Raghu came so much I wasn't able to swallow it completely, not that I wasn't trying, but he was gushing out like a fire-brigade hose-pipe! Too much for my small mouth to accommodate the total in-flow. The extras were dripping out through the corner of my reluctant mouth.

We were all exhausted.

I had cum running out of every orifice of my body!

I needed to clean up before getting dressed. I told them I would clean up in the water. As I reached the shore I caught a movement to my left. I turned to look and saw a couple of college students running away. There was no way to know how long they were watching our session. What they didn't know was I didn't care. They could have stayed and watch me even bathe in the sea under the broad day light.

I rejoined Manav and Raghu, telling them that we had been watched.

They asked me in unison if I was okay with that.

I told them, "If they hadn't been in such a hurry I would have sucked them off too!"

While there was a near horror expression in Raghu's face, Manav just chuckled.

When I was dry enough to put my clothes back on we headed back to Manav's car, Raghu in tow. Like before my top just would not stay down! As we approached a guy I recognized him as one of the two young college watchers. I stood directly over his head so he could see up my shorts with a great view of my naked hairy pussy.

I said, "If you hadn't run away, I would have blown you too!" There was a mixed feeling on his face that of amazement and anguish.

We reached the parking area and we went our separate ways, as Raghu went to a nearby strip mall to buy some grocery.

******

CHAPTER: VIII -- More Surprises At Home!

Manav and I headed back to my house. We had been gone about three hours and I wondered if the electrician and plumber were still there in the house. Actually, from the core of my heart I was hoping he would be there to make my day more eventful.

When we arrived, I noticed Sanjay -- The electrician's car in the driveway but not the equipment loaded truck. I assumed they left his car parked there and went to another job.

We entered the house and I took my wet, dirty clothes off at the door. I was planning on painting in the nude while Manav watched for the kick! I told Manav I was going to put my dirty stuff down the laundry chute in the bathroom.

I entered the bathroom just in time to see Sanjay jacking off on what appeared to be a close up of my nude picture, which he had clicked when I was drunk asleep on the TV lounge couch the other day after a night long rendezvous with Manav.

Sanjay didn't hear me or see me as his eyes were closed and he was concentrating on jacking off. I cleared my throat and he almost jumped out of his skin. He tripped on his slacks and fell to the floor, looking up at my naked body, his cock hard, pointing up at me. I looked at the picture and it was me, laying naked on the couch as I slept.

I demanded, "What's this Sanjay?"

Sanjay said in a low voice, "It's Salman, the plumber who had taken pictures of you before waking you up."

"Well, how many did he take?" I asked again

Sanjay said, "In total he took about ten, and also two short videos."

"How many you have?"

"Only three."

"What did he do with the others?

"He has them in his mobile as well as saved in a pen-drive."

"Is Salman coming back today?"

"Yes, he should be here in about an hour."

"Stand up." I ordered.

Sanjay stood and reached down to pull his slacks up.

"Not so fast," I said as I took his cock in my hand and got to my knees, "I think you'll like this much better than your hand." I could see the look on his face of surprise as I took his cock into my mouth. I stroked and sucked his cock with skill. He came quickly. Rather too quickly, filling my mouth with his abundant cum. After swallowing him till the last drop I asked him if this was his first blow job from a woman. He nodded in affirmation.

I just said, "Well, I hope you enjoyed it and I hope to see your cock again."

Just then, Manav walked in. He took one look at us and said, "Well, I see his cock met your expectations."

"Yes, it's very nice. Just look at this, as I showed Manav the smart-phone of Sanjay, "Sanjay told me Salman has more photos and videos in his cell-phone."

Manav asked what I was going to do.

I said, "I'm going to get the other pictures, my key and fire Salman, after I give him a piece of my mind."

Sanjay was just standing there, not saying a word after he pulled his slacks up.

I took a quick shower and got dressed, that was the end of my naked painting, at least for now.


Salman arrived and I met him at the door holding the picture behind my back. "Salman," I said, "Just how long did you watch me before waking me up?"

"Not long." He said.

I pulled the smart-phone of Sanjay from behind my back and said, "Apparently you waited long enough to take about ten pictures and three videos of mine! Now give me your cell-phone and the pen-drive at once!"

He came back, red faced, with his cell-phone and pen-drive.

I said, "If you woke me with your camera in hand and asked if you could take pictures of me nude I would have let you, as you already had seen me naked! But taking pictures without my knowledge is without my consent! I totally disapprove it! Give me my house key and leave. By the way, I'd better not get a bill, and I'll be keeping your cell-phone and pen-drive if you do."

I told Sanjay when he came out, "Tell your plumber friend the truth about me. If you need them to call me here's my number. You can call me anytime or if you're in the neighbourhood you can stop in if you want."

Once Sanjay left, I got naked for Manav and we went to work on the painting of the guestroom. I opened the French bay-window for cool breeze to flow into the room. To my surprise saw Raghu way there on his side of the balcony diagonally opposite to my guestroom. Seeing me stark naked he mouth the words 'Very Sexy!' I didn't utter a single word, rather with the movement of my index finger instructed him to come over. There was a cheek to cheek smile on his face before he eagerly dashed down.

I casually went over to the main door and unlock it soundlessly and came back to the guestroom. Manav was sitting on the double bed. I moved over and removed his Bermuda and threw it over the side sofa and rode him like a 'Cowgirl'! He was shocked at first and then amused at my aggression. Slowly I started riding him with my desperate up and down movement. He was the passive partner and I was the active one. As I kept on humping him I felt a hand on my sweaty ass-cheeks. I turned around to see Sanjay, the electrician.

"I came to take my smart-phone. Saw you in action. Could not control my urge, so bumped in. Will you please allow me to fuck you at least for once?" He was literally begging me with folding hands.

"Don't dramatise your statement. If you want action, just get wid of your cloths and step in or fuck off."

Within no time, Sanjay was without any cloths and asked in desperation, "Which hole?"

"Given a chance, which hole would you like to go for?" I snapped back.

"Your butt hole!"

"Who stopped you?"

He didn't require a second hint. Just moved behind me, aligned his cock head at my rear entry, took a bit of fluid from around my cunt and applied it generously on my wrinkled brown hole. Then he pushed in his index finger a couple of times inside my tight rear passage and then slowly pushed his cock inside my asshole. In one smooth and continuous push he was ball deep in my asshole in less than ten seconds! It was probably because Manav had fucked me in the ass a few hours back in the 'Rocky Beach', which made the ride much easier for Sanjay.

I was about to reach my much awaited orgasm, my eyes were closed to enjoy the dreamy moment of double penetration, that was when I felt some pressure on my lips. I opened my eyes. Raghu's cock was right in front of my mouth brushing past my lips. All I had to do was to open m lips and his thick cock was inside my eager mouth.

I WAS 'AIRTIGHT' WITH THREE COCKS IN THREE OF MY ORIFICES!

Within no time we all came like crazy! All my holes were over flooded with thick, potent and ample cum of three horny men! And about me! I was dead tired with multiple orgasms! It was only early in the afternoon... The day is still there to be spent in a way no one of us probably thought off... Lying on the guestroom bed on my back I looked blank at the white ceiling wondering...

'WHO SAID THREE IS A CROWD? IT'S SUCH A GREAT COMPANY IN MY CASE!'

******

The End.