Harry had long since removed the specific anti-Snape charms from Sirius' old house in Grimmauld Place, and Sirius' mother's portrait was gone, too. The only sounds he heard coming into his London house were his own footsteps and the closing of his front door.

He was tired. He never got used to the house being quiet. Usually he and Ginny and the children spent a lot of time in the Burrow in the summers, and at the seaside, but this year he didn't feel comfortable being there with her. He had been surprised that it was Arthur rather than Molly who had urged them to hold off on finalizing their divorce, but there it was. They were officially separated and Harry didn't belong at the Weasleys' home for a long visit with Ginny anymore.

Now that he was teaching Defence at Hogwarts instead of working in the Auror department, there wasn't much to do in the summer. He'd seen Teddy at his grandmother's, and Ron and Hermione had invited him to dinner before they went on holiday in France, but this week he was completely on his own.

It was like an addiction, but he wanted to look into Snape's memories in the Pensieve again. He had one in the room Ginny called his study. For years he had looked at them when he was low, just to see his mother when she was a little girl. His Evans grandparents had passed away, and his Aunt Petunia refused to show him photographs of his mother as a child. These were the only images he had. First he would look at his wizarding photo album, at all the photographs he'd managed to collect. Then he'd watch these memories. It was a weird kind of self-punishment, seeing his revered Albus Dumbledore condemn him to death again and again and listening to Snape defending him.

Snape, who was still alive, and whom Harry loved with stupid admiration. Shit, the man knew how to fly without a broom, how could Harry not admire that? If Snape were only there--he would be making Harry miserable.

Harry, never a heavy drinker, decided that a glass of Firewhiskey would take the edge off his longing. Sitting in the red leather chair in the study, he turned the memory in its bottle in his hands, just considering pouring it into the Pensieve. It made him feel a bit disloyal to Sirius -- Snape and Sirius had hated each other, yet here Harry was in Sirius's house. Sirius had suffered for just as long as Snape after the night when Lily and James died, and had to be exonerated afterward by Harry's words, too.

There was no one from that generation to whom Harry could speak, not about things like what had happened to him and Ginny or how he felt about Snape. Sirius was gone. Lupin was gone. The Weasleys cared about him, but Ginny was their daughter and they were still very protective of her, even though she felt more strongly than Harry that the marriage they had both once wanted was only stifling them both now. Harry remembered how desperately Lupin had wanted to be free from Tonks, and how he had seemed to change his mind. What had happened? If only there was some way to ask.

The Pensieve could not tell him what Lupin had been thinking, but it could show him the boy he had been, and Sirius and James and Lily and Snape, who had loved her. He drained the glass of whiskey and poured another, then held the bottle to catch the light, watching the misty memories swirl inside.

A knock at the front door disturbed him. Who could it be, at this hour and with most of his friends away? Maybe Luna had drifted back to London with some new, exotic specimen; she had a habit of turning up at unexpected moments and then disappearing again.

Harry left the bottle with the memories and went to open the door. Well-wishers and celebrity hunters had long since stopped trying to find him, although he was still widely greeted at Quidditch matches and Ministry events. Since rumors had begun to circulate that he and Ginny had separated, women in particular had sought him out, but he hadn't felt much like widening his circle of friends.

The dark shape in the doorway made his chest lurch. "Severus!"

"I hope you have a proper ward on this door, Potter, if you are in the habit of opening it without knowing who is outside."

"There still aren't very many people who can see the house. Anyway, the children aren't home."

"Ah, so you are prepared for whatever former criminal you've arrested might come to the door, just so long as it's you by yourself."

"Will you come into the house and stop standing in the entryway," Harry snapped. Snape looked pleased with himself.

"I don't want to impose," Snape said silkily.

"You know that I've been looking for you." Harry pulled Snape toward him by the elbow. "You disappeared."

"Potter," Snape said, "I don't owe you."

"Own me?"

"Not own, owe."

Harry was a little off balance. "I don't -- of course you don't owe me. What are you talking about? I wanted -- You're smirking. You --"

"You really can't hold your liquor."

"I don't usually -- Merlin, I didn't offer you anything. Can I get you a drink? Firewhiskey? Or tea, I could make a cup of tea."

"Sit. I'll make it." Snape swept toward the kitchen as though the house were still the headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix and he were still a member. Harry followed meekly, sinking into a chair as Snape aimed his wand and the stovetop flared to life. "You should have gingko...ginger at the very least."

"I haven't drunk that much." Snape was rifling through the pantry like it was his own. Why did he like it when he made Harry snap at him? "Stop it, I'll get the..."

"Potter, have you had a proper meal all week?" A package of stale biscuits flew toward the rubbish bin, followed by a box of sweetened cereal that the children liked. Harry rose to object, though really he had no reason to save food that he wasn't going to eat. Snape found the tea and spooned it into a mesh ball. He glared at the cups piled in the sink before taking down clean ones.

"Stop it," Harry said, reaching past him to refill the sugar bowl. His hand stretched beneath Snape's arm. Without quite meaning to he wrapped his arms around Snape's chest, pressing his face into the back of Snape's neck.

"Ginger," Snape muttered again. He resisted at first when Harry tried to turn him around, but Harry had the advantage of the stove blocking any escape. "Potter."

"I'm not drunk," Harry insisted. Snape made a nervous, batlike move with his arms, but he returned Harry's kiss with just as much hunger as Harry remembered. Their legs tangled and Harry stumbled, very nearly knocking Snape into the stove.

"This is not what I had in mind when I came here."

"Then we won't have tea." Harry nuzzled Snape's cheek, which smelled of aftershave but was slightly stubbly.

"Are you this desperate?" Snape's voice was just above a whisper.

"Yes, yes," Harry said, "you're only going to leave again. Your memories aren't the same." Snape kissed him then, wrapping his arms around Harry's body, until Harry was quite dizzy with it. He came up for air and opened his eyes.

Snape was frowning. "Wait. You mean you were were going to look at my memories?"

"I'm -- I'm sorry. I don't have many pictures of my mum. Do you want them back?"

Snape seemed to struggle with his answer, and then said nothing.

"How does that work? Can you actually not remember the things in those memories, once you've given them away? That's why you took out memories when you taught me Occlumency, right?"

Letting go of him, Snape turned and poured the tea. He blew on the steam rising from his cup, reminding Harry of the mist in the bottle. "If you have a Pensieve, haven't you ever used it for its intended purpose? Not snooping around in someone else's memories but trying to take an objective look at your own?"

Blushing, Harry shook his head. He took a cup from Snape and sat down at the table. "I never learned to use it properly," he admitted. "I don't know how I would pick out what I needed to see." In dreams he still relived the green flash in the Forbidden Forest and the look on Sirius' face as he fell through the Veil. And Dumbledore falling down, down, like a discarded puppet. "You do remember the things you let me see about my mum, right?"

"Memories are not isolated events, as you know," Snape began. "One triggers another. Or an image, a word..."

"You always saw my dad when you looked at me," Harry nodded.

"Let me finish. In the Pensieve you witnessed my memories as isolated moments. The whole is greater than the parts you have seen."

Harry pushed aside his tea. "I know I don't know all of you," he said. "And you think I idealize you based on just a few memories."

"You don't know everything I knew about your mother, either," Snape said. It felt like a punch in his stomach. Harry just sat, feeling a million miles away from him and everyone, the aftereffects of the three drinks he'd had like a cushion all around him, his ears ringing.

Then Snape sat down in the chair next to his and put a hand on his shoulder. It was such a strange thing, that Snape could be kind to him, that Snape was alive and being kind to him.

"You are pathetic," Snape said, but he was brushing the hair back from Harry's face with his hand. "You can't have that quantity of spirits on an empty stomach and not become intoxicated. Now you're crying again."

"Of course I'm crying," Harry said irritably. "My marriage is breaking up, I'm lonely without my children, I have no idea what I'm doing with my life, and I'm fixated on you. Every night since you disappeared on me again, I lie down and wank, imagining that you're fucking me. Now you show up and remind me what an impossible git you are, and I remember that it's all my bloody imagination."

Snape's nose had gone all red. "Stop embarrassing yourself, Potter." He leaned forward so that his too-long hair hung in front of his face.

"I'm not embarrassed. I'm angry, and sad, but not embarrassed." Grabbing a napkin, Harry wiped his eyes and nose. "Why did you come here? Do you want to fuck me?" Reaching out, he pushed Snape's hair back much as Snape had done for him. "If you don't want the crying and hugging, why don't you just fuck me?"

"I told you. I don't owe you." Snape's lips were pressed together in a tight dark line.

"Right. Then what are you afraid of?" Shoving the cups away, Harry leaned over to kiss Snape. "You're the one who kept doing this." He could feel Snape's mouth softening under his, the lips parting as if unwilling, kissing back. "Come upstairs."

"Not when you're drunk."

"When I'm drunk is perfect. When I say I love you, you can tell me it's the whiskey talking." The kisses between sentences were becoming wetter and lasting longer. "Upstairs. Please."

Harry stood up, but Snape stayed seated, looking at him. "Every night you lie down and wank?" he asked.

"I don't have to do it in the shower, because I'm alone, so yes, I lie down." He reached for Snape, who allowed Harry to kiss him, sinking into his lap to do so. He could feel Snape's erection through Snape's robes.

"At least order some take-away so we can eat afterward," Snape said. Harry let his hand fall into Snape's lap and began to stroke him through his clothes. They kissed again.

"I can owl for it after," Harry said. "They deliver by Floo, so it's fast. Can we just do it right here on the table?"

Snape groaned. "I have to show you how to use the Pensieve."

"We can do that afterward. I want you to fuck me now, on the table."

Snape breathed through his nose, eyes shut, and then gave a tight nod and stood up. Harry put his arms around Snape's shoulders and stood too, back against the table. "You're mad," Snape told him.

"You'll just have to put up with it -- along for the ride," Harry said, and grinned. Snape licked his exposed teeth. All the blood rushed to Harry's groin. They kissed, and Snape pushed up Harry's t-shirt to play with a nipple. Harry turned around and ground his arse into Snape's erection. "Yes," he hissed, "bend me over the table and take me."

It had been a very long time since Harry had attempted to use the kitchen table for any sort of erotic activity. In the end he and Ginny rarely even kissed in the kitchen unless one of them was about to leave the house. This was because, as Harry remembered now, the table was not at all a comfortable place for lovemaking. Pushing the salt and pepper out of the way made everything feel mundane, not sexy.

The kitchen was not a good place for intimacy, either. Snape unbuttoned and unfastened only the precise amount of clothing necessary to withdraw his prick. Harry was still trying to remove his own clothing. His pants had caught around his ankles and he wasn't in a good position to kick off his slippers so they could slide to the floor. He managed to free one leg so that Snape could part the cheeks of his arse.

Snape was very hard, sliding his cock against Harry's body. Harry braced himself. He had no idea what it would be like, but he thought it would be good. Instead, Snape cast a spell and slid his fingers into Harry one at a time. It was good that he knew what he was doing, because Harry was tight and it would have hurt. It did hurt, a little, anyway, but Harry was so excited that he didn't care.

Finally, leaning over the hard surface of the table, Harry felt the blunt head of Snape's prick nudge him and push into him. He grabbed the table. It was not comfortable. He had to keep turning his head in an awkward way to kiss. Snape started slow, but as Harry adjusted to the feeling and began groaning with pleasure, he thrust harder. He was excited, panting a little, and rough.

"You wanted it like this?" grunted Snape, thrusting mercilessly, one hand wrapped around Harry's prick and the other digging into his hip.

"I wanted it," Harry panted back. His hip was going to be sore, and maybe his neck too, from the position he had to bend it to kiss Snape. "Next time, bed."

"Next time," Snape said. "Greedy."

Greedy, yes, God, his body was greedy. He was sweating from the wool of Snape's robes and his hot grip on Harry's hipbone and the hard slickened surface of the table. It hurt a little, too, being banged into the table, but -- oh God, that was -- he shivered all over and felt himself coming into the tight grip of Snape's fingers. Snape let go of Harry's prick after a minute but kept fucking him a little longer, drawing out the orgasm until Snape made a sound in his throat and came too.

Snape's heart was pounding in his chest, hard enough for Harry to feel it through Snape's ribcage and his robes. Or maybe it was Harry's heart. They were tangled and sweaty. Snape pulled out of him.

"You haven't done this at all since we last did," he accused, pulling Harry upright so quickly that the room spun. Then he had no choice but to catch and hold Harry when his knees buckled. Quickly he lowered Harry into a chair. "Head down. Breathe."

Harry's glasses slid down his nose as he lowered his face onto his arms. He thought he might need to be sick, but if he was sick then Snape would be disgusted, so he sat very still and breathed until he felt it was safe to look up. Snape's brows were lowered and his mouth looked pinched as he pushed Harry's teacup toward him.

"Haven't done what? Sex?" Harry asked in a voice that didn't quite sound like his own. "I told you. Every night I think of you."

Snape picked up his wand and cast a spell to heat the tea. "Drink. Haven't you ever had sex without..." Snape looked sorry he had begun to ask the question. "You married so young," he muttered.

"No, I haven't ever had sex without thinking I was in love or in a relationship or whatever you were going to say. And I really doubt you're the best person to be giving me advice about sex anyway." The tea needed sugar. A lot of sugar. Harry closed his eyes to concentrate on the Accio, then realized that Snape was spooning it into the cup for him.

"I wasn't giving advice. You are the one who said 'next time.'"

Harry drank some of the tea. He felt better. He probably wasn't eating enough--stupid. "I don't want to have a big argument about sexual ethics, Severus."

"I don't know why you think I care about that."

"Oh, please," Harry said under his breath.

"What?"

"You care about doing the right thing in exactly the right way. That's why you've never loved anyone but my mother. You believe in suffering, not pleasure." Harry rubbed his forehead.

"Does the scar hurt?"

"Not since he died. It's just a habit. Let me put my clothes on so that we can get some take-away." Harry got up; he wasn't dizzy. It was strange to be naked in his kitchen. He put the salt and pepper back on the table and pulled his clothing back on. "Do you like South Indian food? We can get really great masala dosai through the Floo."

"That will be fine, thank you." Snape looked apprehensive. Harry thought the politeness sounded strange coming from his mouth.

Harry found the menu and scrawled out their order. He had a new barn owl, Betty, who came when he whistled. "Take this to Govinda's," he told her. "There's a good girl."

He yawned. Snape stood there awkwardly. "Have a seat," Harry said after several long moments when it became obvious that Snape would not do so on his own.

"You seem tired," Snape told him. "Perhaps I should go."

"You must be joking," Harry said. "You just got here. I'm inviting you to dinner."

The Floo flared; a hand emerged and put a take-away bag on the floor. Harry had to get up to fish some Galleons out of the tin behind the cookbooks that Ginny had not bothered to take with her. He pressed a hand on Snape's shoulder, trying to steer him into a chair as he counted coins to pay for the food.

"Open it," he suggested to Snape, hoping that the smell of masala and biryani spices would convince him to sit.

Snape put the containers on the table and glanced at the cabinet as if removing dishes might constitute either a violation of Harry's privacy or some sort of romantic commitment. Impatiently Harry grabbed them, then pulled forks and spoons from a drawer and sat down -- Ginny had the flatware, so he had only the silver that had belonged to the Blacks.

"Pass that over," he said. He pulled out one of the dosa, which were magically wrapped so that the delicate pancake wouldn't break. Now that he could smell the sambhar and the other spices, he was very hungry. "I always make a mess with these...I get the coconut chutney all over the table."

Finally Snape sat, still looking discomfited. Harry grinned widely around a mouthful of dosa. "Our first dinner date."

"Was it absolutely necessary to say that?" Unexpectedly Snape smirked. He reached for the container of vegetable biryani. "Teaching you Occlumency was doomed from the start."

"I like you when you don't Occlude," Harry said. "You have to try the dosa--they make them really light and crispy. It's just spicy potatoes inside."

Snape took his wrapped pancake from Harry and put it on the plate. "What do you mean, you like me when--"

"Your eyes get cold and hard when you Occlude. Your expression, I mean. Here, have a container of sambhar."

Snape sniffed it. "Is there courgette in this?"

"Probably. Don't you like it?"

"It's all right." He spooned some out and looked at it. "Your mother couldn't bear courgettes. Your grandparents raised them in their garden."

Harry put down his fork. "I didn't know that."

"Is that something you always wanted to know?"

Harry nodded. "I wish that I had known all of those everyday things."

Snape choked a little. His face went red. Harry jumped up. "Severus!"

"Chili," Snape gasped. Harry conjured a glass of water. "Not water, Potter, bread," Snape managed. Harry grabbed a foil-wrapped package of naan and tore off a piece and fed it to him.

"All right?" Harry asked, watching Snape swallow. He took a sip of water too.

"Don't stand over me, it's just a pepper," Snape said.

Harry leaned down and kissed him. "Hmm, spicy lips," he said. He dropped into the chair next to him and kissed him again.

"You're mad," Snape said. "Unhinged." He was blushing.

"You've said that before. Didn't stop you from coming here tonight."

Snape kissed back the way he always did, as if he couldn't help himself, even though he had crumbs in the corner of his lips. "Stop it," he ordered. "You need to eat." He was kissing Harry again as he thrust the sambhar toward him. "Finish."

"Will you come upstairs if I do?"

"Are you resorting to bribes now?"

Harry had vegetables on his fork. He put them in his mouth, chewed, swallowed and kissed Snape before the taste had faded. "If bribes work. Tell me something else about my mother."

"She was skilled at levitation charms. Before she knew she was a witch, she enjoyed ice skating. Potter, you don't need to offer me sex in exchange for stories about your mother."

Harry started to laugh. He took a sip of tea. "Hadn't thought of that."

"Well, I had." Snape took a careful bite of his food. "You looked at my memories in the Pensieve repeatedly over twenty years in order to see your mother, and became infatuated with me. I think you're just looking for a family, as you always were."

"You always seemed to know how to wound me in the most precise way," Harry said. "Insulting my father, whom I had never known, played to my worst fears. Calling me arrogant--I felt so responsible for other people when I was too young to take responsibility, and it did feel arrogant. I have always wanted a family of my own. I thought I had made one."

"I can't be that to you," Snape said. "Whether I want to or not, I can't."

"It doesn't matter anymore," Harry said. "It's too late anyway, because I'm an adult."

Snape reached across the table and, with a pointed look, wiped some food off Harry's face with a napkin.

"Whether you want to or not?" Harry asked him. "You have noticed that the war is over? And everyone thinks you're dead. And there's a statue of you in the Ministry along with me and Neville and everyone else who helped defeat Voldemort."

"That doesn't change..."

"Of course it does! It's been twenty years. Is this actually the life you want, sneaking in and out of London and Hogsmeade, making sure you're not seen by anyone but me? You can be -- all right, not whatever you want, but you could have this. We could have this."

"This is a fantasy." Abruptly Snape pushed his chair back, scraping the legs against the floor. He gestured at the remains of the food. Harry noticed that he had indeed got chutney on the table. "This is not a dinner date."

"Call it what you like, then. We had sex and you're eating my food. I'm not a child and you aren't young -- did you think I hadn't noticed? I know your hair is turning gray. I remember every cruel thing you ever said to me."

"And you love me for that."

Harry nodded.

"Why? I don't understand you, Potter." He paced the kitchen. "You have a pretty young wife and beautiful children. If you find you don't like women, you could have a pretty young boyfriend, someone who is good at this--" He waved his hand.

"I was free to love or hate you as much as I wanted while you were dead. I mean, when I thought you were dead. I saw who you were, in those memories. You are so fucking brave, so fucking good--and you know me. You can cut me to the quick, or make me feel--everything--with a touch--"

Snape stood still, just looking at him.

"But if you don't want me, I'm sure I'll live," Harry said.

"Don't want you--" Snape repeated. "Do you think I'm mad, of course I want you."

Harry stepped around his chair and put his arms around him. "Come upstairs. Please."

"Aren't you sore?"

"Maybe a bit. I don't care. We don't have to do it right away. Or -- do you know a spell?"

Snape's body had molded itself to his. They didn't fit together the same way Harry had with Ginny -- Snape was taller and most of his softness was in his belly.

"We can just do this," Harry said.

"No. You need practice being on top."

Harry had to fight off a fit of the giggles. "Oh yes, I must practice! What was I thinking!"

"Are you mocking me?" Snape said. He was deadly serious.

"No, I'm teasing you," Harry said. "Lovers do that, you know. And friends, and people who like each other."

"I suppose I've put up with worse."

Harry made a face. "Thanks."

Deliberately, Snape bent slightly and kissed Harry, eyes open. "Let's practice," he said in a low voice.

Grabbing Snape's hand, Harry tugged him toward the door out of the kitchen. He half-expected to be lectured on leaving the dirty dishes where they were, but Snape followed him without a word. Harry hoped that he had made up the bed -- he didn't always bother, now that he lived alone -- but then he thought that maybe Snape would like that mussed too, to see where Harry lay and thought about him every night.

Snape paused at the spot where Sirius's mother's photo had once screamed at blood traitors and filth. Now the spot was covered with a banner from the Quidditch World Cup four years previously, where Harry had traveled with Lily, who could already handle a broom as well as her older brother.

"You've redecorated."

Harry gave an exaggerated shudder. "You can't think I'd have left the stuffed elves and the pureblood portraits. We moved Lily into Regulus's room and Albus into Sirius's."

Turning, he pressed Snape against the balcony halfway up the stairs and kissed him. "Impatient as well as greedy," Snape murmured.

"If you'd turn up a bit more often, I wouldn't need to be impatient."

"I wasn't complaining." That low, confiding tone was like liquid heat. It felt adult, insinuating.

"You're good at this," Harry said, "so good." He felt drunk again. Snape was caressing Harry's arse, just feeling the curve of it, pulling him in tighter and closer.

"All the way to the bedroom, this time," Snape said.

Though Harry did not want to move, he forced himself to take Snape's wrist and tug him the rest of the way upstairs. He wondered whether Snape had bothered to search Sirius's mother's room -- which was now Harry's room -- the last time he had been in this house on Voldemort's orders. He wondered if it was as strange for Snape to be in this house as it had been for Harry when he first started turning it into his home.

"You're quiet. Don't think too much," Snape said.

"I thought you thought I talked too much." They had reached the bedroom. Snape's eyes were only on Harry. "I want to make love in my bed. I want you to put..."

"You do talk too much," Snape growled, kissing him again, pressing him back against the wall. It felt good to be kissing someone taller, someone whose uneven teeth scraped against his own. Again Harry thought that Snape wasn't a very good kisser but this was better than anything careful and seductive -- that wouldn't have been Snape.

They made it into the bedroom, finally, Harry fumbling with Snape's clothing. Snape took off his own clothes and waited for Harry to do the same.

"I wanted to undress you," Harry said.

Snape made a face. "I can take off my own clothing."

"I just want to touch you more."

Snape didn't reply. Harry got onto the bed and tried to look inviting. Snape joined him, his movements uncharacteristically awkward. They rolled toward each other and started kissing again. Snape ran his hands over Harry's body, just touching. Chills ran over Harry's skin where Snape's thumbnails skated over his nipple, the skin on the inside of his wrist, his lower back.

Harry tried to do the same, but Snape stiffened. Harry reached for the muscles in Snape's back, and tried to knead out the kinks near his spine.

"This isn't sex," Snape said quietly.

Harry shrugged. "It's getting there." He let his hand slide down to the same hollow place above the buttocks where Snape's touch had aroused him. Snape drew in a breath and his cock hardened against Harry's thigh. Harry stroked down the spine between the buttocks, trying to go slow as Snape had done. He listened to the older man's breathing and kissed along his neck.

"We need a spell," Snape said.

"Not yet. I want to put my mouth there." Harry moved as he spoke, kissing his way down Snape's chest even though he still felt tense. Snape's cock smelled a bit funny and he guessed that it was because it had been in his own arse, even though he'd thought Snape had cleaned up while he was dressing. He kissed the side of it.

"If you really want to do that, you will certainly want a spell." Snape sounded breathless. At least he wasn't saying no.

"Like Scourgify?"

"Something that disinfects and lubricates at the same time would be preferable. Didn't anyone ever teach you Demadesco?"

"I put too much energy into Defence to pay attention in Sex Spell class."

Snape made a sound that was close to a guffaw. Harry grinned helplessly. "Show me the spell, Severus," he said. Snape put his hand over Harry's on his wand and did the motion toward Harry's body. Then Harry tried it. "Well, now we're both clean," he said, "so let's take advantage." He flipped so that they were head to foot and took Snape's cock into his mouth.

Snape rolled so that he was under Harry, and they began to explore each other with lips and tongues and fingers. Snape pulled Harry's balls into his mouth one at a time, and then licked his perineum. Harry tried everything Snape did, like a mirror. He sucked Snape's cock while he pulled his arse apart, and then he licked between the cheeks, finding what felt good on Snape as Snape found the same on him.

It went on and on, until he was fucking Snape's mouth, trying not to go too deep, and moving his fingers in and out of Snape's arse. Each time he touched a sensitive place inside Snape, the other man groaned around his cock.

Snape released him. "Now, do it," he said. "Fuck me." He turned over onto his belly and Harry got behind him. It was easy, this time, to sink into Snape's body; he was open and full of lube. The muscles of his arse were round against Harry's thighs and belly, and Harry's balls slapped against his legs.

Snape humped the mattress, pushing back against Harry's thrusts. It was sinuous, rolling motion. The sound of Snape's deep grunts was punctuated by the slap of Harry's body against his.

Harry could feel Snape's entire body shuddering beneath him as he came, the muscles in his arse rippling involuntarily around Harry's cock. Harry cried out when he followed a moment later.

"Next time I want to do it face to face," he told Snape when he had caught his breath. Snape was sweaty beneath him, hair sticking to his back. With one hand Harry brushed it to the side and rubbed his face on the exposed skin.

"Next time. Were you thinking about next time before we'd finished this time?"

"No...wasn't thinking at all." Slowly Harry pulled out and attempted to shift his weight lower on Snape's back so as not to crush him on the mattress. He knew it must be sticky under Snape but he didn't want to move further apart yet. "Didn't we agree I needed practice?"

Snape let out another snorting laugh. "I'm retired from teaching. I don't understand why you don't want to practice with someone else."

Harry slid off the wet skin and raised his head on an elbow. Beside him Snape turned so that he was no longer lying in the wide wet spot on the bed. Curiously Harry slid a finger over it and licked the fingertip.

"You don't listen to me. I already told you. I love you. I want to do it with you." Harry paused, trying to formulate something difficult. "I'm not trying to demand that you stop doing it with other people."

"You're not in a position to make such a demand," Snape said gruffly, then, "I can't be your lover. I've never done that."

"You could practice," Harry said hopefully.

"No." Snape's face was miserable. "I won't become a party to your dissolving marriage. I can't play house with you."

"I don't want you to play house with me, Severus. I haven't even told anyone that you're alive." Harry tried to sound rational. "My marriage is dissolving with or without you. If you want me, you can have me. I don't want anyone else."

They got up and Snape cast Scourgify on the bed. Harry handed him a towel and they went into the bathroom. Without discussion, Harry turned on the shower and beckoned Snape to join him.

Whatever he said, Snape couldn't keep his hands off of Harry, even post-coitally. He soaped Harry's body and shampooed his hair, and they stood together, embracing in the spray. Afterward Snape licked the water from Harry's shoulder as they were towelling dry.

"This is not a good idea," Snape said. Harry ignored it. Naked and clean, they lay together on Harry's bed. Snape wrapped his long arms around Harry's body and held him close.

"Are you going to stop saying things like that eventually?" Harry asked.

"Will it make you change your mind?" muttered Snape.

"About wanting you? Not a chance," said Harry agreeably. He was pleasantly tired and relaxed. He lay comfortably against Snape, listening to his breathing, until he realized that Snape had fallen asleep in his bed.