Two days later, Jared goes to the cafe and finds Sandy wiping down tables on the patio. Her eyes light up when she notices him. "Hey, Jared. How's it going?"

"You want to go out with me next time you have a night off?" he says, rushing the words a little in an attempt to shore up his nerves.

She grins so wide it looks painful. "I thought you'd never ask. I'm off Thursday and Friday."

"I open on Friday, so I can pick you up at six?"

"That's perfect." She leans over to right a salt shaker and her boobs brush his arm in what he's sure is an intentional move on her part. "I can't wait."

Jared smiles. "Then it's a date."

Friday evening, he finds himself on Sandy's porch, palms sweating as he waits for her to open the door. He's never really taken a girl on a date before--he's been out with girls, but it was always in a group or as friends.

When she finally appears, she's wearing what has to be the most low-cut shirt she owns and a tight black skirt that shows off her perfectly tanned legs. "Wow," Jared murmurs, eyes wide. "You look amazing."

She smiles. "Thanks. Ready to go?"

"Sure." He steps aside to let her pass, then hurries to the truck to open the door for her. She frowns and climbs into the passenger seat with some difficulty.

"Where are we going?" she asks.

"Houlihan's, if that's all right with you," he says a little hesitantly.

"That sounds nice." She glances at his open window. "Can you put on the air conditioning?"

Jared shakes his head. "Sorry, the air conditioning doesn't work."

"It doesn't?" She looks like he just told her she has to walk to the restaurant and reluctantly rolls down her window. "Now my hair's gonna get all messed up."

"I'm sorry," he says again.

She doesn't say much on the ride downtown. Instead, she stares straight out the window and pushes her hair away from her face. He turns the radio up and tries to think of some way to make it up to her.

"Do you want to sit on the deck?" he asks as he helps her out of the truck.

She shakes her head. "No, it's too hot."

"Okay." He opens the door of the restaurant for her and she walks past him without another word.

Dinner is pretty much a disaster. He asks her questions about herself to try and get her to talk but she gives mostly one-word answers. She complains that her chicken is overcooked and the asparagus is stringy. By the time the check comes, Jared figures she'll never want to talk to him again. Which, quite frankly, he's fine with, because this whole night has just reinforced the fact that Jensen is the only person Jared wants to date.

After he drops Sandy off at her house, he picks up his phone and scrolls up Jensen's number. He stares at it for a few seconds, then closes the phone and puts it back. He feels like a jackass, but he just doesn't think he can handle any more drama tonight.

The next morning, Jared rounds the corner and sees Chris standing in the middle of the path, arms crossed and eyes blazing. Jared thought today couldn't possibly be worse than yesterday. Apparently, someone up there hates him.

"Whatever the hell you did to him, you better fix it. Now. He's completely fucking miserable and I can't take it anymore."

"But he's avoiding me!" Jared replies. "I haven't seen him since the Fourth."

"He does that." Chris pulls a slip of paper out of his pocket. "Here's his schedule. If you two aren't back together by Friday, I will end you. Understand?"

Jared has absolutely no doubt that Chris is willing and able to do exactly that. "Yes."

"Good." Chris turns on a heel and stomps down the path to the gate.

Jared sighs. It's going to be a long week.

Jared steps off the end of the bridge and looks up at the rapidly darkening sky. The wind whips around his head, blowing his hair into his eyes. "Storm's coming," he says.

Gabe rolls his eyes. "Again? That's the third one this week."

The phone rings and Gabe grabs it. A few minutes later, he hangs it up. "She said there's a tornado watch in effect and she'll bring us down if it gets upgraded to a warning."

Jared's eyes widen. "Holy crap." He moves a few feet to the side and tries to look past the arcade into the eastern sky, but he can't see beyond the blue roof. The sky over the factory on the far side of the zoo is still dotted with blue.

A family with a double stroller walks up. "There's a tornado watch, so I'd stick close to the building if I were you," says Jared as he stamps their hands. They thank him and hurry across the bridge.

When it starts raining, Jared sees a number of guests bolt for the confines of the Minetown Restaurant. No one runs toward the bridge, for which Jared is grateful. He hates when the guests just hang out on the bridge to get out of the rain. It's so awkward.

"Crap," says Gabe. "We should have gone down before it started raining. We'll get soaked."

Jared shrugs. "Doesn't really bother me."

They end up taking down the chain and moving to the center of the bridge to avoid being splashed by raindrops. After about five minutes, the phone rings again and Jared reaches over Gabe's head to grab it. "Bridge, Jared speaking."

"Get down here now." Samantha's normally pleasant voice has a steel edge.

Jared gulps. "Sure." He hangs up the phone and turns to Gabe. "Race you to the shop."

They walk normally down to the halfway point of the bridge and take up ready positions. "One, two, three, go!" Jared shouts. He easily beats Gabe to the door, having almost a foot of height on the kid. The shop is crowded with guests waiting out the storm. Samantha motions for them to squeeze behind the counter.

The radio on the windowsill crackles to life. "Admissions, I want a head count of employees in the shop." Jared doesn't recognize the voice, but he figures it must be Kripke.

"Four from Guest Services, two from Retail, one from Security and one keeper," Samantha answers.

"Which keeper?"

"Jeff."

"Okay. Stay close to your radio."

Another radio squawks; it takes Jared a moment to realize it's Jeff's. "Jeff, when was the last time you saw Jensen?"

"About two hours ago, why?" Jared's head snaps up. Jeff's turned towards the zoo doors, but the rain and darkness make it impossible to see anything. Jared edges closer to Jeff.

"I've talked to every building and no one's seen him," replies Kripke.

"You want me to look for him?" asks Jeff.

Jared holds his breath until Kripke replies. "Security was very clear that no one is to go outside until the all-clear signal is given." There's a short pause. "If he doesn't report in by quarter of, I'll call it in."

"Ten-four." Jeff lets go of the talk switch and Jared makes his way across the packed shop to him.

"What does he mean by 'call it in'?" asks Jared quietly.

"That means he'll report Jensen to Dispatch as a possibly injured missing person," Jeff answers. "Dispatch will most likely send a Security team and paramedics to look for him."

"Why does he think Jensen's hurt?"

"Because he's not responding to radio calls and no one's seen him since the rain started," replies Jeff. He gives Jared a half-hearted smile. "I know you two are close, but try not to worry too much. I'm sure he's fine."

Just then, there's a flash of lightning, a massive crash of thunder, and the shop is plunged into silent darkness. "Shit," mutters Jeff. "Power's out. Means it's gonna get damn hot in here if it lasts more than a few minutes, plus it's gonna be twice as tough to get through the doors."

"Everybody stay calm," calls Samantha over the general din in the small building. "Try to stay where you are. The power should return in a few minutes."

A different voice comes over both the radios. "Attention all supervisors, the Park is now closed. All yellow and orange tags should clock out immediately upon receiving the all-clear signal."

Jared inches back to the counter. "What's happening?" he whispers to Samantha.

"It's the wind," she replies softly. "They're reading triple-digit speeds in some places. There's debris everywhere and some of the elevated rides have been damaged. It's a mess out there."

Jared bites his lip. If Jensen's been outside this whole time... God, anything could have happened to him. He'll never forgive himself if what he said on the Fourth was the last thing he'll ever get to say to Jensen.

A bright flash of lightning followed by booming thunder causes a small child to scream. She's quickly hushed by a parent. The storm seems to be letting up a little, but not much. Jared glances nervously at the zoo doors. He still can't even see as far as the first building.

Another radio crackles to life; this time it's the guard's. "Kreider, what's your twenty?"

"Zoo Admissions," the guard replies.

"Can you open Gate Fourteen for Unit Three-Niner and direct them to the deer exhibit?"

"Ten-four." The guard moves out from behind the counter and taps Jeff's shoulder. "Can you help me with the front door?"

"Sure." Jeff and the guard, who doesn't look much older than Jared, force the recalcitrant door open. It doesn't sound like it's raining quite so hard anymore. The wind whips past them into the shop, cooling it slightly. By the time they get the door closed, the temperature inside the humid building has dropped considerably.

The phone rings. Samantha answers it and immediately frowns. "Are you sure that's--no, I understand, I just don't think--okay, I'll send him up." She hangs up the phone and reaches past Tom to tug on Jared's sleeve. "Clock out and go up to the deer exhibit."

"What's going on?"

"Jensen's asking for you."

Jared's heart jumps into his throat. He shoves his way to the zoo doors, not even noticing Jeff following behind him. It's not until he goes to open the doors that he realizes Jeff is there to help him. They manage to push the doors apart just enough for Jared to squeeze through. He can see lights down the hill--at the deer exhibit, he assumes--and he hurries as fast as the slick asphalt will allow.

When he gets to the scene, it takes him awhile to figure out where Jensen is. There's a lot of activity inside the pen, all taking place behind a huge tree trunk. It looks too big to have been brought down by the wind, though; it's about a foot wide. The only light is coming from two carts--the green zoo cart and the First Aid cart--and a few hand-held flashlights. Finally, Jared sees Jensen limping out of the pen with the help of a female paramedic. There's a gash on his forehead still bleeding, his left eye is swollen half-shut, and the leg he's favoring is covered in blood.

And yet, he's still the most gorgeous person Jared has ever seen.

He lets the paramedic get Jensen settled on the back of the First Aid cart. As she moves to pull her bag out of the front, she notices Jared just hanging back. "Hey, you. Think you could lend a hand for a few minutes?"

"Sure." Jared takes a step forward. The paramedic puts her bag down on the bumper and pulls out a thick gauze pad, which she presses to the cut on Jensen's temple.

"Hold this," she orders. Jared does as he's told.

Jensen looks up at him, his good eye tracking a bit sluggishly. "Hey."

"Hey yourself," says Jared, smiling softly.

"Didn't think you'd come." The words are slightly slurred, but Jared isn't sure whether it's from exhaustion or head injury. He hopes it's not the latter. "Thought y'were mad at me."

"I got over it," Jared replies truthfully.

The paramedic interrupts them to ask Jensen the standard head-injury questions and then to ask him how he hurt his ankle.

"I was runnin' down the hill an' I stepped wrong on a branch," Jensen answers.

"And that's how you fell and cut your knee?" she replies.

"Yup." Jensen winces and sucks in a sharp breath when she starts examining his injured ankle.

"Well, the good news is, I don't think anything's broken," she says. "Except maybe your common sense. The bad news is, I think you're going to need stitches for both those cuts and you need your head and ankle looked at by a doctor, so I think a trip to the emergency room is in order." She looks up at Jared. "You mind taking him in? Our ambulance is already on a call, and there's no sense waiting for Township EMS when the hospital's only five minutes down the road."

Jared nods. "I can do that." He's incredibly glad today was his day to get the bags because his truck is in the zoo lot. "My truck's parked down below, I can drive it up to the gate."

"Good." She pulls a roll of tape out of her bag. "Go ahead and do that; I'll get him fixed up."

As Jared turns to leave, he sees Jim and Misha emerge from the pen carrying a doe. Her right rear leg is visibly broken and bloody, supported by a makeshift splint. He hears Jensen's breath hitch and then what sounds suspiciously like a quiet sob. Jim and Misha put the doe on the green zoo cart and Misha starts the ignition while Jim walks over to Jensen. "You did the best you could, son," says Jim, his voice heavy with sympathy. He puts a hand on Jensen's shoulder. "It's not your fault. I doubt anyone could have saved her under these kind of conditions. Try not to take it too personally."

Jensen looks down at the ground and Jared knows that he won't accept any of what Jim said--it's part of what makes Jensen so good at his job. Jim pats Jensen on the back and walks toward the vet building. Jensen sniffles and rubs some tears away from his good eye. Jared really wants to just grab a hold of him and never let go, but he pushes the impulse down and hurries to the staff house instead to clock out. He gets his truck from the lot and parks it as close to the gate as he can. A minute later, the First Aid cart delivers Jensen to the other side of the gate. Jared helps Jensen off the cart and into the truck. It's a little tricky to get Jensen into the passenger seat without hurting him, but eventually they manage.

Jensen is silent as they pull onto the main road. Finally, Jared can't take it anymore. "Jim's right, you know."

Jensen sighs. "I know."

Jared reaches over and puts a hand on Jensen's uninjured leg. "You tried, man. That's what counts."

"She's dead, Jay," Jensen says harshly.

"You could have died!" Jensen winces at Jared's shout and Jared feels like a complete asshole. "Seriously, Jen," he goes on, more quietly this time. "There were hundred-mile-an-hour winds. That's like a tornado. And you were out in it. A concussion and a few stitches--that's getting off light." He softens his voice even more. "Do you have any idea how worried everybody was about you? How worried I was?"

"I'm sorry," Jensen murmurs. "But you didn't hear her. I was hiding from the rain under the bear exhibit and there was this blinding flash of light and a huge cracking noise and then I heard the tree fall on her. She screamed. It sounded like a little girl. I couldn't just--" He takes a deep breath. "I had to do something, you know?"

Jared swallows hard. "You did the right thing. But you heard what Jim said--nobody could have saved her. It wasn't anything you did or didn't do. It was just an accident."

Jared stops the car under the emergency entrance and helps Jensen out of the truck. Jensen leans heavily on him as he limps into the waiting room. Jared takes his insurance card and goes to the desk to register him. A few minutes later, he hands the paperwork to Jensen and squeezes his shoulder. "I'm gonna move the truck. Be right back."

Once the truck is parked, Jared calls his mom and lets her know what's going on. When he goes back into the waiting room, Jensen thrusts the clipboard at him. "You have to fill these out 'cause I can't read the little tiny writing."

Jared grins. "No problem." He reads out the various lines on the forms and marks down Jensen's answers, trying to make his writing more legible than it usually is. Finally he finishes all the forms and takes them back to the desk. When he returns, Jensen leans sideways and rests his head on Jared's shoulder. Jared smiles and slips an arm around Jensen's shoulders.

"So can we be back together now?" asks Jensen sleepily. "I missed you."

"I missed you too," Jared replies, swallowing past the lump that's suddenly taken up residence in his throat. "And yes, I would love to be back together with you. But we do still need to talk."

"Later, 'kay?" Jensen murmurs.

Just then Jared remembers something. He shrugs Jensen off and props him upright. "Hey, no sleeping. You've probably got a concussion."

Jensen mumbles something inaudible and slumps forward. Jared grabs him before he can fall off the chair. "Jensen?" He tips Jensen's head up; his eyes are closed and he appears to be out cold. Jared pinches Jensen's arm. "Jensen, wake up!" No response. Jared jumps up, still supporting Jensen's limp body with one hand. "We need help here!" he yells.

Next thing Jared knows, Jensen is whisked away from him and taken behind the swinging doors of the trauma unit. Jared drops into the chair, numb with shock. He's not sure how much time passes, but eventually Chris storms in, still in his soaking wet uniform, and makes a beeline for Jared. "What's going on?"

"Hell if I know," answers Jared bitterly. "One minute he was talking and the next he was just out. They took him to the trauma room, that's all I know."

Chris walks up to the reception desk and talks to the girl behind the glass. A few minutes later, he comes back. "He's in surgery," he tells Jared. "There was bleeding under his skull. Once the surgery's over he'll be moved to ICU." He smiles weakly. "She said they caught it early, so he should make a full recovery." Chris pulls his cell phone out of his pocket. "I've gotta call his parents. His mom's gonna freak." He frowns. "What exactly happened?"

"I don't know," replies Jared. "He was trying to save an injured doe in the deer pen. He hurt his ankle and busted up his knee when he tripped and fell, but I don't know how he hit his head."

Chris grins ruefully and shakes his head. "Sounds about right." He gestures at Jared's wet clothes. "You know, if you want to run home and change, I can hold down the fort here."

"You'll call me if anything happens?"

"Of course." Chris flips his phone open. "What's your number?"

Jared gives him the number and makes him promise to call if he finds out anything at all. "I'll be back in forty-five minutes."

"Be careful on the roads, there's a lot of trees and lines down," says Chris.

Jared nods. "Thanks." He takes a deep breath and tries to tell himself that Jensen's in good hands and there's nothing to worry about. "And thanks for... you know, being here."

Chris shakes his head. "Nowhere else I'm gonna be. He's family, y'know? Not blood, but..."

"I know." Jared smiles. "Believe me, I know."