T-shirt for sale
by FunKelly 

T-shirt for sale. Part 42

For the next forty minutes, I took selfies with the Becky and the customers, posed for photos in the most revealing positions, and generally had a great time. I was actually having conversations with people about my nipples, while standing there naked. It was Awesome!. My inner urge to be seen naked, had me spending time close to the front windows, hoping people out on the sidewalk were looking in at me. I wouldn't have put my clothes on, if some one had paid me. It was once again, intoxicating!

As I looked around the pub, I had never stepped foot in, until about 9:00 last night, it felt like I had been here a hundred times. I realized that although I had fulfilled my self-known "Only One Naked", fantasy, and several others, I must have been secretly harboring, it was the people that made this the most memorable weekend of my life. Especially, Becky and Kim.

I felt as if Kim had been a long trusted friend, even though I had only met her the day before. As for Becky. Well our time together was just beginning. At least that's what I was hoping for. It was now close to 2:00 am, and the customers started making their way to the front door. Kim was the last one to reach the door.

She turned to Becky and I. She gave us both big hugs, then looked at me, and said. "Kelly. I know Becky doesn't open the pub until 2:00 pm on Sundays. So take your time checking out. The room's yours, as long as you need it". She looked at Becky, and said, "Let me know if you decide you need a chaperone", winked at her, gave me another hug, before walking down the street to her hotel.

Becky locked the door behind her, then turned to me. She kicked off her little black ankle high boots, pulled her thong down to her feet, stepped out of it, then put it on the bar with her boots. Knowing that her finely trimmed blonde pubic hair, was only covered by that short black and white striped skirt, made my mouth water.

She walked behind the bar, picked up a bottle of cognac, and said, "What do you say we have a nightcap in my courtyard?" I was so thrilled she had left herself so vulnerable and exposed, I instantly replied, "Sure".

I followed Becky out the back door, and we both took a seat in her courtyard chairs. The entire area was silent, except for the distant sounds of some people out in front of the pub. We sipped our cognac, while talking about our lives, and future ambitions. Becky owned her pub, achieving her financial goals. I was close to paying off my house and shop, almost achieving mine. We were much more alike, than I had realized. The hour we spent outside, oblivious to our surroundings, only served to bring us closer.

Now 3:00 am, we decided to make our way to Becky's apartment, above the pub. Becky stopped, turned around and kissed me. She barely pulled back two inches, when she asked, "Want to have one last naked adventure?" I was confused, as I looked at her in bewilderment. She went on to tell me about a plot she and Kim had arranged, if I was willing.

"Kim will call her brother Matt, and send him over here. When he discovers your public nudity, he'll handcuff you, then walk you down to the hotel, on the premise that you need to show him your I.D. Of course we'll have to stop on the way, to explain why this police officer, is escorting this naked delinquent down the street. I of course, will be pleading your case to the officer, as we make our way down to the hotel. What do you think?"

I couldn't believe I was even considering it, when I kissed Becky, then asked, "Are you sure I won't get into any real trouble?' She replied, "Kelly. Kim had Alice make a call down town. Trust me. You will not get in any real trouble. Matt will see to that. So the question remains. Are we going to show your clean shaven pussy, fabulous ass and those enormous nipples, to some more un-expecting viewers?" I became almost catatonic, as I forced out a whisper. "O.k."

Becky went back into the pub, then emerged wearing her boots and her black bra. She had her purse, and had put my much smaller purse in hers. My purse held my wallet, phone and I.D. The same I.D. we were going to walk a few blocks, to retrieve. Becky made a call and within three minutes, Matt pulled into the rear parking area with his police cruiser. I started to have second thoughts.

Matt got out of his car, locked it, then walked over to us. I was so intimidated, I again became speechless. Becky handed me my sandals, and said, "O.k. Dirty Girl. Get dressed", as she handed me the only thing I would be wearing, other than my "SLUT" necklace.

Matt smiled, the asked, "Well ladies. Are you ready for your little excursion?" I looked at Matt, then forced myself to ask him, "Matt. Are you sure I won't get in any real trouble?" His reply would instantly put me at ease. Or at least as much at ease, as someone can be, while being escorted several city blocks, while naked and handcuffed.

"Kelly. I haven't seen my sister have so much fun in a long time. And Becky here, is back to being her old self. I promise, the girl than made this possible, will be completely safe". I put on my sandals, then put my hands behind my back, so Matt could handcuff me. He was very careful not to cause me any discomfort.

With that, Becky said, "Well Matt. It's time to take my Dirty Girl back to her hotel". We walked through the side pathway, and out to the front of the pub, where the street lights felt as if they were aimed directly at my naked, handcuffed body. I again started having second thoughts, but it was to late. Matt gently held onto the handcuffs, as he walked me down the street, toward the hotel.

The street seemed crowded for 3:00 am, as several people walked passed us, with the most disapproving expressions on their faces. I couldn't cover my shame, even if I wanted to. Matt continued to walk me towards the hotel, as Becky pleaded for my release, for the amusement of those watching us. I felt so ashamed as the onlookers were laughing at me, while Matt said, "Nothing to see here folks. Be on your way".


T-shirt for sale. Part 43

Half way to the hotel, we arrived in front of an all night diner, with an older woman smoking a cigarette out front. She was dressed in a waitress uniform, so it was easy to see she worked there. As we got closer, she asked. "Officer Matt. What do we have here?", as she surveyed my naked form. "Just a case of indecent exposure, Beth. I'm taking her to the hotel, before she gets into any more trouble". My heart sank, as she asked, "Why not come in for a cup of coffee?"

"Becky protested, saying, "Officer! You can't just parade my naked friend around in front of everyone!" Matt grinned, then replied, "She should have thought about that, before deciding to run naked through the neighborhood". He then turn to Beth, and said, "You know what, Beth? I think I will take you up on that cup of coffee", as he escorted me into the diner, full of people.

All eyes immediately fell on me, as the bell on the door was an announcement of my arrival. Beth went behind the counter to get Matt his coffee, as the comments and ridicule started flying. "What do you got there officer?" asked one man. "What's wrong with these young people today?", came a question from an older woman at the counter, who followed up with, "And why do they all shave their pubic hair?", bringing everyone's attention to my cleanly shaved pussy.

Another smart ass at the counter, asked, "Is she being arrested for J-walking?', as he laughed, then lifted his coffee to his lips. Matt took the glass coffee mug from Beth, indicating he was going to keep me on display, while he drank it, right there in the diner. My utter humiliation was only surpassed by my complete and total arousal.

Becky continued her protest by saying, "Officer! This isn't fair! You are completely humiliating my friend. The only thing that could make it worse, is if everyone started taking pictures of her!", as she turned to me and winked. Click! Click! Click! Click! was all that was heard throughout the packed diner, as Becky had succeeded in increasing my public debasement, to an all new level. My pussy was becoming saturated, as I wanted to melt away into the red and white tile floor.

Matt put his coffee mug on the counter, then said, "Beth. How about a 1/2 cup more? Please", while Becky whispered in my ear, "I love you Dirty Girl". While Matt took his sweet time drinking the coffee, another man, sitting in a nearby booth, said, "Be careful officer. This girl has two pointy objects in her possession", referring to my totally erect nipples. Everyone in the diner started laughing at me, as I has helpless to cover them up.

Matt finally finished his coffee, and said, "Thanks Beth. You all have a good night", then escorted me back out onto the street. The hotel was in sight, as I became distraught about what might happen next. Having my hands cuffed behind me, was a completely new experience, and added an increased level of trepidation to the escapade. I felt more exposed that ever. We walked about another block, within a couple hundred feet of the Hotel entrance, hearing the catcalls and whistles from those driving by.

We made it the hotel, as Matt escorted me through the automatic front doors. I became disheartened, as I saw what must have been a dozen people, leaving the hotel lounge and headed for the elevators in the lobby. Right where I was standing, naked and handcuffed.

"Check this out!", I heard one of them say, as it felt like a stampede was running to see my public degradation. Kim was in full hotel uniform when we walked in. After the crowd positioned themselves in a half circle around Matt, Becky and I, Kim decided to put on a show for them. At my expense of course.

"You again!", she sternly said, looking at me like a disapproving parent. Matt inquired, "Again?" Kim continued, "Yes Officer. Again! I went up the Brian's pub for a drink after work last night, and there she was. Naked as a Jay bird, serving drinks to the customers. Then last night, she conveniently locked herself out of her room, once again, Naked!" I was too mortified to even think about looking at the expressions of the late night crowd. I just hung my head in shame, as she continued her rant.

"Then this afternoon I was walking downtown, and there she was. Walking around the Fair, wearing nothing but those sandals. She arrived yesterday, and with the exception of a flimsy yellow sundress, I haven't seen her with any clothes on, at all". The crowd was silent, most likely because they were afraid to interrupt, my new and trusted friend, Kim.

She walked up to me and said, Listen here missy. We San Franciscans, may be a liberal bunch, but you should find yourself a nudists colony or something. Unless you have some sick fetish about being the "Only One Naked in Public". She then did the unthinkable. She slid her finger into my slit, and said, "Just as I thought. Soaking wet!". All you could hear was the moans from the crowd. Just when I was about to pass out from embarrassment, she turned to the crowd, and said, "O.k. people! Show's over!", then turned to Matt, and said, "Officer, I'll take it from here".

The crowd quickly dispersed. Most making their way to the elevators, while some left through the front doors. Matt removed his handcuffs, Smiled, and said, "Have a nice evening ladies", as he walked out the door. I was trembling, when Becky held my cheeks, and planted another French kiss on me, asking, "How was that my Dirty Girl?"

Still shaking, I threw my arms around her neck, as we passionately kissed, right there in the now empty hotel lobby. She slid her two fingers into my pussy, then pulled them out, and turned to Kim, saying, "You're right Kim. She is soaking wet", as she slid the two fingers into her mouth, and licked my juices from them. She then said, "I think I'll be spending the night here, Kim". Kim just giggled, and replied, "Have fun you two", as we made our way to the elevator.

Once on the elevator, Becky removed her bra and put it in her purse. She then slid down her little black and white skirt, and put that in her purse as well, revealing she never put her thong back on for our little journey. Unable to keep our hands off each other, we started kissing again, until the elevator stopped on the third floor. The door opened, and two of the guys who had just witnessed my public debasement, looked in. Becky turned towards them, as their eyes were wide open.

Next came the line of all lines. "What? We just came from a costume party. We went as twin newborn sisters". One of the wise guys looked at Becky's pubic hair, and responded, "I don't think newborns have hair on their pussies". She replied, "Well I'm the older sister, I came out first. Now scram!", as she pushed the 'door close' button on the elevator panel. We reached the forth floor, and made a B-line for my hotel room door.

I was so nervous, I started fumbling with my purse, looking for the door pass. Becky told me to relax, and rubbed my back, as I found the pass and let us in. We dropped everything right there inside the door and ran to the bed. It was the most passionate and satisfying sex of both our lives. The morning would come too soon for both of us.


T-shirt for sale. Part 44

Becky and I didn't get out of bed until 11:00. We took a shower together, then I started packing my things, as she laid on the bed, naked. I was going through my suitcase, looking for something appropriate to wear for the trip home, when she asked, "Why not wear this ?", as she held up the wrinkled pink sundress, I had on the night before.

"I can't wear that dirty thing", I responded. She got out of the bed, shook the thin garment in front of me, and said, "It's not dirty, Kelly. It's just a little wrinkled. After all, you only had it on for about thirty minutes last night". I replied, "I'll find something else, Becky", as I pulled out a pair of jeans and a T-shirt.

She put my sundress in front of me, and said, "It will be easier to get to your "Happy Spot", wearing this. I have an iron at my apartment". "I have a small travel iron with me, Becky, but I don't think I'll need to find my "Happy Spot", on my way home". She grinned, then said, "I've got $20.00, that says your panties will be in your purse by the first rest stop".

I was bug eyed when I looked at her, knowing deep down, she was right. I snatched the dress, took out my travel iron, then started ironing the dress, as she laid naked on the bed, watching my naked ass, iron my pink summer sundress, for the five hour ride home. Becky jumped out of the bed as I pulled out another pair of my white cotton panties. "Girl. We've got to get you some more stylish underwear", as she looked for some colorful thong, that wasn't there.

"I like my white panties!", I said, as I snatched them from her hands. She grinned and said, "Well Kelly. Nothing will show a wet spot like a pair of white cotton panties", as she giggled, then laid back on the bed. I finished ironing my pink sundress, then picked up a pair of my white cotton panties, and slid them on. I put on a white bra, as Becky continued to watch me, from her place on the bed.

I slid my pink cotton dress on, feeling a bit restricted from the bra and panties, but wouldn't give Becky the satisfaction of knowing she was right. I finished with my packing, as I watched Becky put on her tiny black and white striped skirt, then her black bra. She put her boots back on, looked at me, and said, "Well Kelly. I guess it's time to get your happy ass back to Oregon".

We were both sad, yet knew this moment would come, sooner or later. As we walked to the door, exiting room 403, I turned and looked back. I spent little time in this room, but felt it was the home base, that launched my weekend of constant exposure, utter humiliation and total sexual satisfaction. My eyes welled up with tears, as I pulled the door shut for the last time.

Becky and I took the elevator to the lobby floor. When the doors opened and we stepped out, I gasped, as I saw Kim, Ashley, Kayla, Liz, Stephanie, Sue and even Stacy, holding a long banner that read, "We'll miss you Dirty Girl. Hurry back". I was overwhelmed with emotion, as I hugged each and everyone of them. We said our goodbyes, then I turned to Becky. I could see she was as choked up as I was, about our parting ways.

I walked over to Becky, and said, "My jumpsuit is still at your apartment. I guess I'll have to drive you home to get it". She replied, "I guess you will", as we left the hotel and headed for my car. I knew Becky wanted a private goodbye, because I wanted a private goodbye. We pulled into the rear parking area, and went up the fire escape to Becky's apartment.

I looked around the apartment, as Becky got my jumpsuit. Once it was packed into my travel bag, we both just looked at each other. We sat on Becky's bed, and reminded each other to continue our quests for financial independence, if only to give ourselves a mission, to relieve the sadness of our separation.

Becky walked me down to my car, We kissed and hugged for one last time. She looked into my eyes and said, "I'll miss you Dirty Girl". I replied, I love being your Dirty Girl", before I got in my car and drove away. I made my way to the freeway, then headed north to Oregon. When I was out of San Francisco traffic, I found myself experimenting with my power windows, to see what combination of window height would blow my dress up, exposing my white cotton panties. Once I had the perfect settings, I drove up the freeway, feeling totally unfettered.

I was two hours from San Francisco, when I pulled into a rest stop. It was mid-afternoon, when I walked inside the rest area, to take a pee break. Knowing I had three hours left to drive, I made my way to the ladies room. Once inside the stall, I felt like had lost all control of my faculties. Unable to restrain myself, I removed my bra and panties, then put them in my purse, next to the envelope containing $3000.00 of Alice's wage and bonus money.

I exited the ladies room, then took my sweet old time walking to my car. My nipples were practically working their way through the thin material of my dress, as I enjoyed the glances of an older couple, walking into the rest area. "These young girls have no shame. She's probably from San Francisco", the old woman said. I just smiled, and made my way back to my car.


T-shirt for sale. Part 45

Now covered by only the thin fabric of my sundress, I sent Becky a text message. "Down to just my sundress and sandals. I guess I owe you $20.00. Just leaving my first rest stop. Thanks for the advice. Your Dirty Girl, Kelly". She instantly responded, "Call me when you get home, so I know you're safe. Love You". I drove the rest of the way without stopping, massaging my clit along the way.

I pulled into my driveway about 6:30 pm, then went inside my house. First I sent Becky a text, letting her know I was home. I put my travel bag on the bed, then started unpacking. When I separated the clean clothes from the dirty ones, I realized how little of the clothes I had packed, I had actually worn. It wasn't even enough for a small load of laundry. Immediately I sat at my computer and started posting photos from my excursion, on my favorite websites.

By 8:00 pm, I was sound asleep, exhausted from my 2 days in San Francisco. I woke about !:00 am, and decided to go to my shop. As I made my way to the building behind my house, I saw an unmarked box, placed at the door. Assuming it was my order of plain, navy blue T-shirts, for a local plumbing companies employee summer uniforms, I unlocked the door, picked up the box and placed it on a table.

I opened the box and saw a letter, attached to a DVD or CD. Perplexed, I opened the letter first. "Dear Kelly. Again, we can't thank you enough, for not only entertaining our guests, but for allowing Alice and I, to relive our past. Alice insisted we send this token of our appreciation. Hope you enjoy it. Your friends forever, Blanch and Alice. PS. You have my word. This is the only copy of movie in existence".

Completely stunned that they managed to get the gift to my house before I got home, I frantically pulled out the Styrofoam peanuts, and to my complete surprise, I laid my eyes on a Sybian saddle, equipped with an attached phallus. I pulled off the pink cotton sundress, I was wearing, and continued to unpack the gift. I placed the saddle on the floor, locked the door of the shop, then put the DVD into my shop computer.

I had taken film making as a minor in college, so I knew after watching the DVD for ten minutes, that Alice and Blanch had hidden cameras that showed every possible angle, in every room of the house. There I was. From the time I exited James' limo, until the time I re-entered it later that night, every moment of my public debauchery was caught on film.

Every clip of the film was focused on me. From my personal grooming inspection in the kitchen, to the degradation of the public orgasm, all five hours of my preeminent depravity was on the DVD. I lowered myself on my new gift, turned it on low, and watched, as I recollected the events, working my way up to another orgasm.

The events I was watching, could only have been edited by an in-house cinematographer, who produced the film in real time. All I know, is that watching myself among all of the clothed people, performing such degrading acts, left yours truly, feeling even more humiliated, yet more stimulated, than I had been while I was actually going through it. I started working my clit feverishly on the phallus of the Sabian saddle, when I heard the ring of my cell phone.

It was Becky calling, at 1:45 am. Still fifteen minutes before she closed her pub, I made the dreadful mistake of assuming she closed a bit early, and opened up a face-time, so we could see each other on screen. Still trying to work myself to climax, my computer screen showed a topless Becky, wearing her short black and white striped referee skirt. Behind her was a fully packed pub. I was horrified when I said to Becky, "I thought you were alone!?", knowing I was in full view of those in the pub at the time. They were all laughing at me, and cheering me on, to achieve my ultimate goal, Another intense orgasm.

I called to Becky to turn off the face time, since I was preoccupied with trying to achieve climax. She replied, "No way Dirty Girl! I have you up on the computer screen behind the bar, so we can all watch. RIDE THAT THING!" To far past the point of stopping, I worked my clit to an orgasm, and practically collapsed with the phallus still deep inside my pussy.

Becky then said, "O.k. Dirty Girl. You know the drill. Wipe that sweet nectar on your tits, and run it through your hair". Amazingly, I followed her instructions, and degraded myself even further, in front of a cheering crowd that was five hours away, from the privacy of my little printing shop in Oregon.

Propping myself up by the horn of the saddle, I heard Becky call out, "O.k. Drink up and head out people! I need some private time with my Dirty Girl". One by one, they stepped up to the camera in the computer screen, thanked me for the show and said goodnight. I just sat there, once again covered in my own cum, and said goodbye the customers, as they made their way out the front door of the pub.
