The Exhilaration of Exhibitionism
by Sawherjewels©


I confess. I am an exhibitionist. But, not in the way you would ordinarily 
think, because I don't like to expose myself, but my wife. I enjoy having my 
wife seen nude (accidentally or otherwise) by other men. Oh, and I like to watch 
her being watched, so I guess I am a voyeur too. These are not made up stories 
but just some of the hundreds we have experienced, I hope you will enjoy them, I 
know I have. 

My wife is a beautiful blonde, 5'8", green eyes, a fantastic body, all over tan 
and very closely shaved. We have many stories to share, most tame, to be sure, 
but we have a lot of fun. 

It all started a long time ago, when one time we were at Huntington Beach and 
she was laying flat on her back and I noticed the bottom of her bikini had slid 
down just past her hair line and some of her pubic hairs were showing. I don't 
think she noticed at the time, but later I am sure she must have noticed but 
didn't say anything. Of course, I didn't mention it at the time, but it was then 
and there that I realized that this was so exciting, I just couldn't stop 
watching out of the corner of my eye. I figured she would be none too happy with 
me for not telling her, so I happily kept quiet, secretly hoping this would 
happen every time we went to the beach.

We got back to the car and got into the back seat. She was wondering what was 
going on, but, I couldn't wait. While I was pumping her hard and fast, I blurted 
it out, not knowing what her reaction would be. I felt like I was going to 
explode, and when I told her I did. She knew from then on, exactly how excited I 
found this new game.

Later, we talked about it, and I guess she decided that she liked my response, 
so the next day we hit the beach again and she intentionally pulled her bikini 
bottom down just a little bit so any guy watching couldn't miss. Sometimes she 
would show just a little of her nipple, other times some pubic hair. 

I decided I wanted more, and she was agreeable because I wanted, but not very 
happy. On vacation, we drove up to Stinson Beach and it was a cool day. We hiked 
down, but nobody was on the beach. I talked to her for a while trying to 
convince her, and she reluctantly took off her clothes and draped a sweater over 
herself. She was nude, but not happy (and less happy that she did not have a 
tan), finally, a guy showed up walking down the beach. I got her to move the 
sweater, but she was pretty modest and embarassed about the whole episode. 

As time went on, she became more and more comfortable with nudity (and a great 
tan!) She was so comfortable that she shaved herself so close that you could see 
but a whisper of the hair that I used to love her to show, and this at a time 
when it was not really popular for women to shave, Anyway, I was quite happy 
that guys could see every inch of her.

We visited Bonny Doon, Pirates Cove at Avila, returned to Stinson, over to 
Tahoe, among others. But me, ever the one for something new, decided to ask her 
to get up and walk along the beach, or down to the water and go in, by herself. 
I'll tell you, sometimes I had to roll over in the sand for a while. 

Then the thought of her going down to the beach by herself intrigued me and I 
told so (I have always thought that a woman who would go get naked in front of 
men, by herself, is incredibly confident and the epitome of steaming sexuality). 
I told her that I would stay behind and watch. At Avila, the parking dirt 
parking lot is above and to the north. I could sit and watch her get down to the 
beach and get naked. And she did. Knowing I like her to walk, she would stroll 
along for me, and sometimes a guy would walk along with her for a bit, and she'd 
turn around and face me while she talked. No one was ever rude or followed her. 
Sometimes she would wear just a T-shirt and shorts sown, other time just a 
T-shirt, but she never failed to please. 

One time an asian guy struck up a conversation with her and asked her to put 
some lotion on his back, as she did she kept looking in my direction to see if I 
were watching. I could indeed. She then asked him to do the same. Me, I look 
like just another one of the clothed perverts, watching the nude women, but I'm 
really watching just one, and the men's reactions she gets. Another time at Lake 
Tahoe, she said saw an older man walk by her several times, semi-erect, leaking 
from his penis. 

There are many other stories like this but they will have to wait for another 
day. I will close with one final chapter from our lives.

I asked her to spend the day at a nudist resort, about 45 miles from where we 
live, on a "trial day," pretending to be single(if you are married, they won't 
let you go without a spouse).

I realize that a nudist resort is not exactly the place where one might find 
"exhibitionism," but it was a way for my wife to be seen nude by other men. 
Everything she does is done discreetly, but who would care if it weren't? She 
went through the presentation and the female employee told her the rules and 
said that since she was very attractive, she may find men approaching her but 
that rude behavior is not accepted and she should report any. 

I asked her beforehand to walk around as much as possible because I really enjoy 
it when she walks around with her breasts jiggling and men watching. She 
showered, along with another man who was already showering, making sure that she 
lathered up her breasts and between her legs, rinsed, and went into the pool, 
then lay on a lounge tanning for a while. She told me could hear breathing on 
the lawn above and behind her, so she put one leg down on the ground so that her 
legs would be slightly open. She noticed one particular guy (the same one who 
was on the lawn above her) seemed to be following her as she walked around the 
resort.

She would call me every once in a while to tell me what she was doing, who she 
was talking to, and that she noticed a guy was following her. While I had her on 
the phone, I told her to find the exercise spa and please, please, please, have 
a little workout. She did, and a couple of men came in and joined her.

My personal favorite (I love to have her exercise nude in front of me) is when 
she gets down on her hands and knees, and extends and lifts one leg straight 
behind her and does a rear leg lift. The view is fantastic! From behind, as her 
leg raises and falls, her whole vagina moves, not to mention the fact that 
absolutely nothing is hidden from view. She noticed the same guy who had been 
strolling behind her had taken up a seat behind her. 

Towards the end of the day, she went to the indoor pool. Another couple was 
there but they soon left. After a while, guess who showed up? He sat down on the 
edge of the pool and my wife decided to swim around on her back so he could 
watch her breasts. She would climb out of the pool and dive in several times.

At some point, she noticed that he had one leg raised, and began to gently 
stroke his penis. She decided to be brave and try something she knew I would 
want, so she stopped swimming and stood up in the waist high water and faced him 
from about ten feet away. She knew I would love this. She just stood there for 
about a minute watching him watch her while he masturbated. She stood there, no 
expression, neither smiling nor frowning. He was not shocked, but continued 
masturbating, as he realized she was quite willing to be a part of this little 
game. Brave and incredibly sexy! She said she considered going over and 
masturbating him, but decided it might not be a good idea (I cannot tell you how 
disappointed I was!). After she came home, she said "I think I had an 
experience." My mind went wild, and although I thought the "experience" was 
going to involve some kind of sexual contact, I was nonetheless quite happy 
indeed. 

I asked her what the circumstances were and how she ended up standing in front 
of him watching, and she said that she knew I would love to hear about it, so 
when she noticed, she slyly headed over in front of him and stood up facing him, 
showing her tits so that he could look at them while he masturbated. 

Finally, she decided to leave and walked toward the steps in his direction. He 
got into the pool, erection poking out of the water ever so slightly, which she 
purposely looked at so he could watch her watch him, and as she and him were 
passing he she said she could see a small stream of shoot about a foot high. She 
just continued to walk by and didn't look back. She was done for the day, got 
into the car nude and drove outside the park (she knew I would love that too). 
Not really very dangerous because the resort is somewhat secluded. She saved the 
pool story for me until she got home and what great sex followed! My wife 
exposed herself, was a voyeur, participant, AND was flashed and more.

They say these things don't happen at nudist resorts, that there is no sexual 
behavior at nudist resorts, that the nude body excites nobody. We can tell you 
they do, there is, and it does! I would really like to hear from others who 
share these feelings. 



 