"Obsession"

Part Five

H.  Jekyll

---------------------

This is a six-part story of evil and desire.  It is a 
cautionary tale. "Jekyll" is not to be confused with 
H. Jekyll, the mild-mannered author, nor is "Kytn" to 
be confused with my e-friend Sweetkytn (@aol.com).

I am indebted to my editor, Maggie McGee 
(maggiemc@citynet.net), for her heroic efforts to 
make my writing clean and direct.

Copyright 2000 by H. Jekyll.  Permission is given to 
repost on any web site that does not charge a fee for 
access, as long as the author is prominently noted.

Net writers post stories for feedback, not money, and 
I am no different from anyone else.  I welcome 
comments, complaints, and conversation, at 
h_jekyll2000@yahoo.com.   My stories are archived at 
the Alt Sex Stories Text Repository: 
ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/h_jekyll/

M/F, F/F, bdsm, cons., nc

--------------------------

Every day, morning and night, Kytn is bathed.  She 
kneels in the tub, her arms tied behind her back, and 
Jekyll washes her, body and hair.  He is neither 
gentle nor harsh in the cleaning, though she cries 
out when he runs the cloth over bruises or welts.  
Sometimes he pushes her head under the water and 
holds it there until she breathes in water and 
chokes. He holds her until she has almost passed out, 
then pulls her up.  Once she can breathe again, she 
sucks him.  His prick becomes the center of her world 
while it is in her mouth.

One night while he is fucking her ass, he notices 
that she is not responding, and that there is a 
discharge from the wound where he put the blade into 
her.  She feels hot to the touch.  He cleans her 
wound and gives her oral antibiotics before tying her 
to the bed.

--------------------------

Ktyn awakens, suddenly aware that there are voices, 
two voices, Jekyll's and a woman's.  She hears 
Jekyll's footsteps move away and hears a door close.  
Other footsteps come toward her.  These are quicker 
than Jekyll's.  Then she can feel someone -- it must 
be the woman -- standing over her.

"Who, who are you?"

"A friend.  You need some help with your cut, and 
Master Jekyll asked me to come by."

"You know him?"  Kytn feels stupid, having said it.  
Of course she knows him.

"Dear, I know him better than anyone else."

There is a pause.

"He was my lover.  But I couldn't take what he did to 
me.  I wanted to, for him, but physically I couldn't, 
so he made me leave." 

The invisible woman is quiet for a moment, just 
sitting on the bed.  There is no particular sound 
when she does touch some of Kytn's wounds, almost 
caressing them.  She leans down, kisses bruises on 
one of Kytn's breasts, pulls gently on both nipples, 
and it is at that moment that Kytn knows she will be 
intimate with a woman for the first time.  Kytn 
doesn't know how it will be, what she will have to 
do.

The woman's voice comes out of the darkness again, so 
softly that Kytn can scarcely make out what she says 
at first.  She addresses Kytn but really seems almost 
to be conversing with herself, as in a reverie.

"The things he did to me.  I know what he's doing to 
you and what he's making you do."

The woman stops and pulls the bandage off the scalpel 
wound, making Kytn gasp.  Kytn feels her fingers 
moving over the wound, cleaning it, touching.  Then 
she resumes speaking.

"My God, I would cry and beg when he hurt me.  He 
would always make me take more than I could, so I 
would panic and use all my energy trying to get 
loose.  I would have chewed off my arms if I could 
have.  He'd hurt me so much, take me down to nothing.  
Then he'd do the other, you know, to make me feel the 
pleasure.  I think he's really good at finding women 
like you and me to torment.  People who can get 
addicted to it." 

Somewhere in the middle of talking the woman seemed 
to cry a little.  Kytn could hear the change in her 
voice just for a moment.

"I don't think it would work with a normal woman, but 
I don't know.  Sometimes I wish he'd take me in 
again, but he knows I wouldn't be able to stand it.  
I'm too weak."

She sounds weepy again. 

"But he sure can get under your skin."

Kytn feels the woman physically shake herself, and 
her voice becomes businesslike, practical.

"Now be still.  I'm going to fix you up and give you 
antibiotics.  Then you're going to be sweet to me.  
Master Jekyll is gone for the afternoon, so you're 
mine until he returns."

--------------------------

She cleans the cut and some other wounds, bandages 
the cut, gives Kytn two injections.  During this, she 
stops to touch Kytn's nipples again.  Her fingers 
follow the lines of the dragon, very softly over 
Kytn's abdomen.

"Your dragon is healing nicely." 

She is touching, almost tickling, then Kytn feels her 
lean all the way down and she licks Kytn's nipples, 
licks them, then sucks, then nips, then licks again.  
Her hands never stop moving.  Kytn, has never, ever 
considered sex with a woman, other than as a 
repulsive curiosity, but she is a slave and must be 
still for it.  The hands and mouth are gentle.  
Jekyll's hands are soft for a man's, but these hands 
are extraordinarily soft and kind.  Kytn has lain 
immobilized, sightless, for a long time, ignored by 
Jekyll except when he wants to torment her.  Now this 
-- her first tender sensations in how long? -- and 
Kytn finds she  doesn't want the woman to stop.

"Your body is so sweet.  I'm glad he didn't get a 
model this time.  You aren't over-developed or 
perfect or athletic, just a sweet, weak woman."  The 
hands are moving over her pudendum, still hardly 
grazing the skin, while the mouth sucks the skin of 
her stomach.

"I love your body with all these bruises.  And the 
welts, they make you beautiful, you lovely, little 
pet.  They show that you can't resist anything.  Did 
he make you ask him to beat you?  I wish I'd been 
here to see it."

The woman knows the method Jekyll uses to force Ktyn 
to become excited, and she uses it now.  It works, as 
always.  After a bit, Kytn's breathing goes ragged:  
short gulps of air and long exhalations.  No, she 
can't resist anything.  She is afraid she will have 
to do things to the woman about which she is phobic, 
that she doesn't think she can do without becoming 
sick, but her body says please let this continue.  
Don't leave me to lie here alone.  She knows this 
must be part of Jekyll's plan, somehow, but she 
accepts even that if the woman will stay here with 
her.  

She wants the woman to kiss her, so she can be sweet 
back to her.  She hasn't kissed a woman since junior 
high school, when four friends spent an evening 
practicing kissing each other, to learn how to do it 
with boys.  Two of them had Frenched, but Kytn hadn't 
been able to bring herself to do that with another 
girl.  Now she knows she will.

When the woman does come to Kytn's face, Kytn feels 
the small, smooth lips and little tongue.  It is easy 
to accept the tongue, surprisingly so to Kytn, and it 
is only a moment before their tongues play with one 
another, while the woman reaches a hand down to 
gently masturbate Kytn, to pet her pubic hair and 
barely touch her straining clitoris.  The woman is 
wearing a musky fragrance, which Ktyn inhales.  It 
mixes with the slightly metallic taste of her mouth.  
She feels the warmth radiating off that smooth skin 
and doesn't want her ever to move away. 

Kytn wishes she could see the woman.  She must be 
beautiful, to be this sweet.  Her loving is so much 
more tender than Jekyll's;  her hand on Kytn's sex is 
soft beyond belief.  Kytn is growing almost delirious 
with joy and submissiveness, with pleasure that isn't 
mixed with hurting.  The thought comes to her in the 
middle of a moan that she couldn't be cruel.  She 
wouldn't beat Kytn so.  Kytn would be her slave, if 
Jekyll would give her over.  She would do it 
lovingly.  

The woman's caresses of her vagina are firmer and 
quicker now, and Kytn is breathing harder into her 
mouth.  She is making little grunts, quiet because 
they are into the mouth of the woman, but not veiled.  
Anyone could hear them and know what they mean.  She 
would stand still for this Mistress to beat her if 
she had to.  The woman couldn't be so cruel.  It 
would be okay, if she would just keep loving Kytn.  
Kytn would make herself beautiful, so the woman would 
want to love her more. 

Kytn is so very high now.  She would always wear 
bruises for her Mistress.  She would be so meek and 
obedient that her Mistress would be compelled to take 
her like this and sex her and sex her, and now Kytn 
begins to come and is crying into the woman's mouth, 
sucking on her tongue and breathing her scent, even 
in the middle of orgasm not wanting the woman to have 
reason to pull away from her mouth.

The woman doesn't pull away, but stays mouth-to-mouth 
with Kytn through the whole orgasm, stroking her sex 
more and more lightly as Kytn comes down.  Then she 
returns to soft stokes on Kytn's abdomen and moves 
her mouth away just far enough to kiss Kytn's face 
here, there, and to move her cheek over Kytn's.

"Oh, thank you, thank you," Kytn murmurs.

"You're welcome, little toy."  The woman's face is 
still right above Kytn's, and she speaks quietly. 

"You are easy.  Did he have any trouble at all 
breaking you?"

Kytn is a little embarrassed, but also happy that 
this Mistress finds her pliant.

"No, ma'am.  He didn't have any trouble." 

Then, surprising both herself and the woman, she 
says:  "I love you."

She hears a surprised laugh.  "Why thank you, little 
one.  Now you'll get the chance to love me right."

The woman unties her hands and sits her up, then ties 
them behind her like Jekyll does, wrists to elbows.  
Kytn cooperates, though it strains her shoulders.  
Next, her feet are untied and the woman stands her.  
The woman leaves the blindfold in place.  Kytn 
stands, swaying a little, while the woman does 
something for a few minutes.  When she returns she 
pulls Kytn back down to the bed, kneeling, sits 
facing her, and pulls her close.  Kytn finds she has 
disrobed.

"Now, sweet Kytn, let's kiss." 

They kiss, and it is just as before.  The woman is 
caressing her body through it all.  Kytn would caress 
back if her arms were free.  She has given up on ever 
using her hands again.

"Kytn, come suckle me." 

The woman pulls Kytn forward and down, and her face 
finds a breast.  The nipple hits her over an eye.  It 
takes her a moment to find the nipple with her mouth, 
and then it seems almost to pop in of its own accord.  
So this is what men feel.  She remembers what she 
likes her lovers to do to her nipples, and does that 
to the woman.

"Whoa!  Wait, toy.  That's a little too hard.  Why 
don't you lick and nibble a little more softly?"

Kytn follows her instructions.  She flicks the nipple 
back and forth with her tongue.  The breast is 
elastic, as though filled with foam rubber, and it 
gives when she pushes at it.  She hadn't really 
thought what a breast would be like from down here.  
Why would she?  She hunts for the other breast, and 
does the same things to it.

"Now, Kytn, you get to pleasure me."

She feels the movement as the woman lies back on the 
bed;  then she is pulled forward and downward, gently 
but firmly.  She feels the woman's pubic hair on her 
face and smells her before she feels flesh.  She is 
suddenly nervous.  No, she is afraid.  Can she do a 
woman?  Why can't she use her hands, instead?  What 
can she do?

"Oh Kytn, I'm going to enjoy you.  Are you nervous?"

Kytn doesn't answer at first, afraid to disappoint 
this mistress.  Finally:  "Yes ma'am," 

"Well, smell me for a minute.  Do it, my pet.  Yes, 
breathe me in.  You like that, don't you?" 

Kytn doesn't answer. 

"Now move your face until you're touching me.  That's 
right, dear.  Oh, you're sweet.  Now taste me just a 
little with your tongue.  Yes, that's right.  Another 
taste.  Oh.  Oh, yes.  Oh.  Okay, move your tongue 
between my lips and separate them."

The woman's hands are behind Kytn's head, guiding her 
forward.  Kytn finds the taste of her pussy tangy, 
but different from her mouth, brighter tasting.  She 
is happy that she can make the woman stop talking to 
gasp and breathe.  She knows she is making her very 
happy.  She laps again and finds that it is easy, 
then on her own she opens her mouth and takes in as 
much sex as she can.  There is the tiny clitoris.  
Kytn uses her tongue on it, like Jekyll had on 
herself, then moves away to the vulva, finding her 
hole and moving her tongue into it, lapping at 
juices.

The woman hasn't said a word for several minutes.  
There have been many sounds, but no words.  

Finally she pushes Kytn's head back, away from her 
sex, catches her breath for a second, then says:

"Pet, I have a little crop here.  I'm going to whip 
your ass while you pleasure me.  Don't stop, no 
matter how much it hurts.  Okay?  Do you think that 
you can do that for me, you sweet thing?"

Kytn is quiet and still.  She is going to be hurt 
after all.  The woman has been so gentle, but she is 
going to hurt her.  How can her voice stay so sweet 
and kind?  Kytn wants to be good for her, because the 
woman has been so good to Kytn.  So, finally, trying 
not to cry:

"Yes, ma'am.  I'll try."

"Good girl.  I knew you could." 

She strokes Kytn's hair, then pulls her back in, and 
Kytn sucks and licks anew.

This time, after a few seconds, she feels the woman's 
muscles move.  There is a rushing sound and a crack 
and Kytn feels a sharp pain on her ass.  She cries 
out into the woman's vagina, holding herself in until 
she can control her breathing.  Then she sucks again.  
There is another stroke and she again cries and 
freezes, and this time she can hear the woman groan 
in passion.  In a moment Kytn starts up and the woman 
again strikes her and grunts loudly.  Her pussy is 
wetter, almost dripping fluid.  When the pain recedes 
just a little, Kytn laps it.  Another stroke. 

Kytn is trying to be good, to be obedient, but each 
time it is harder, and a little more of her resolve 
is missing.  She is gasping and crying onto the 
woman's sex, tears flowing under the blindfold and 
mixing with the lubrication.  Finally, on the sixth 
stroke, Kytn jerks back and lays her head on the 
woman's thigh, crying.  She expects to be punished.  
The woman is gasping and almost wheezing, she is so 
close. 

"Kytn," she says when she can talk at all, "Why did 
you stop?  You're disappointing me."

Kytn is just crying.  "I'm sorry.  Please, I couldn't 
go on.  I tried."

"Well, I'll give you another chance, you dear thing."  
She gasps again, twice, three times, catching her 
breath.  "We'll do four more, and you count them as 
they happen, okay?  Just four more.  Can you do 
that?"

"I ... I'll try."

"I know you can, dear." 

She pulls Kytn's face in and Kytn starts lapping.  
The woman is close.  She is very close when she 
strikes Kytn.

"One!"

Kytn yells the number into the pussy, moving her ass 
to cool its fire  She keeps sexing the woman, who 
seems almost to be in a fit.  Another stroke and Kytn 
again yells the number.  This one is harder.  She 
doesn't know if she can take two more.  The woman 
begins to buck against her face and pulls her in 
tightly, and it is clear that she is coming.  She is 
saying "oh god, oh god, oh god," and in the middle of 
it she gives Kytn two quick strokes, almost on top of 
each other.  Kytn can barely say the numbers, but it 
doesn't matter because the woman is oblivious to her 
voice anyway.

--------------------------

Afterwards, the woman makes an ice bag and holds it 
against Kytn's ass until, after a while, her ass 
stops hurting so much.  She shows Kytn how happy she 
is by holding her close and telling her how wonderful 
she was, what a wonderful lover she is.  She moves 
her hands all over Kytn, getting her high again.  
They kiss, faces against each other, throughout the 
afternoon, murmuring, Kytn mainly listening, but 
answering questions.  The woman begins to masturbate 
her again, and again Kytn comes on her hand while she 
is being kissed.  They keep their faces like that, 
drifting between sleep and wakefulness.  At one 
point, Kytn asks her:

"What can I call you?"

The woman thinks for a moment, then says: 

"Call me 'Mother'."

