Kayla woke up and looked through Reddit. She usually looked through the r/Cuckold subreddit. While scrolling through the hottest posts of the day, she started getting a little hard. Kayla loved the idea of fucking another woman that was taken. She had all the confidence in the world especially with her huge cock. Flaccid she was 5 inches, fully hard she was a full 11 inches. Her turn ons were fucking other women while their small dick husbands or boyfriends watched.
She found this one post of this petite white girl fucking an 8 inch BBC. Her husband was filming the whole thing while she was getting pounded. Kayla started stroking her hard cock to the video.
"Yessss, fuck me harder," the girl said.
"How's his cock?" The husband asked.
"He's soooo big baby, he's hitting my stomach."
Kayla started stroking faster.
"Fuuuck, I'm cumming," the girl shaked.
As she was orgasming, the bull didn't stop thrusting into her. He kept fucking her as she started shaking. Kayla saw her face in bliss and ecstasy, it made her stroke her cock harder.
"Fuck, she looks so fucking tight," Kayla said out loud.
Kayla dropped her phone and used both her hands to stroke and started cumming. Her hands barely covered half of her length. She shot 4 ropes of cum, covering herself and parts of her bed. She laid there for a minute thinking about wanting to be a bull for a real couple.
Kayla looked through the subreddit again and saw a post for a couple looking for a bull in the Houston area. She lived around the area, so she clicked the post for more.
 _We're new to this and only done it with a close friend of ours. I'm 23 and my husband is 25. We want a new bull that can fill me better than my hubby (4 inches hard). We're in the Houston area, message us if you're interested._
Kayla thought if this was her chance to actually do it, to be in charge and make someone else's woman hers. She just turned 20 and she didn't take many classes this semester, so she had the time. But what if these people are crazy, or even worse, serial killers. She started looking through they're reddit posts and comments and they seemed to be normal people. When they weren't going through the r/Cuckold subreddit, Kayla saw a lot of video game and book interests. She thought about it for a second and messaged them.
 _"Hi, if you two are still interested in a bull, I think I can help you."_
Kayla started refreshing the page to see if they replied.
 _1 new message_
 _"Hello, do you have whatsapp? It'll be easier to talk there."_
Kayla sent them her number and they started chatting.
 _"So where do you live?"_ The wife asked.
 _"I'm about 30 mins away from downtown."_
 _"Wonderful, and have you done this before?"_
 _"Not really, I've watched so many videos on it, but I really wanted to do it for the first time."_
 _"No problem, as long as you are bigger than my husband or his friend, we should be good. How big are you anyways?"_
 _"11 inches."_
 _"HARD?!"_
 _"Yea, i think i'm like 5 or 6 inches soft."_
 _"This seems too good to be true, I don't believe you."_
 _"I can send you a pic if you want?"_ Kayla smirked.
 _"Okay."_
Kayla just came so she was semi-soft. She aimed her phone at her cock but didn't show her face or much of her room. She still wasn't sure if they were okay with being with a trans girl.
As she sent it, she was anxious yet excited to hear what the wife had to say about her cock.
 _..._
 _"Holy fuck, you're huge. Wait, flip me off in the pic with your cock out. Just to see if it really is you."_
Kayla did the same pose like the other one but put her hand right next to her cock and raised her middle finger.
 _Sent._
 _"Holy fuck, I want that in me. Plus, you look so small. Most guys I see are built and muscular. You look pretty skinny, how old are you?"_
 _"I just turned 20."_
 _"A young man with a hung cock, I can't want to show my hubby."_
Kayla thought about it for a second whether or not to tell her she was trans. She waited a minute and told the wife when and where they wanted to meet. After some exchanges, Kayla learned her name was Madison, but to call her Madi. Kayla ended up lying and said her name was Jake. They both agreed to meet 2 days from now at the Hilton hotel near the mall, they would be paying for the room. After a little bit more cock worship from Madi, the chat ended and Kayla was both excited and anxious. How was she going to show up without making it awkward, or even worse, them being pissed.
Today was the day and Kayla was super nervous. What was she going to do? What was she going to say? As she got out of her Uber, she got a text from Madi saying to meet them at room 206. As she got into the elevator, she started thinking of things to say. But, no matter how many times she played it in her head, it ended up with the couple pissed.
Kayla looked anxiously for 206. She saw 204, 205, and then it skipped to 207. She looked around and nothing. Kayla checked her phone again if she misread the text. No, that was the room. Kayla looked around and this lady with huge tits came around the corner. She noticed Kayla looked lost.
"Are you lost?" The lady asked.
"Kinda, I'm supposed to meet some people here but I can't find the room."
"What room is it?"
"Room 206."
The lady's face looked confused and then she stared at Kayla. Kayla started wondering what was wrong.
"206 is my room. Are you sure that's the right room?"
Kayla's heart dropped. This beautiful big tit lady was Madi.
"I'm sure," Kayla gulped.
"I mean, I'm meeting someone too but unless your name is Jake, I can't help you."
Kayla took a deep breath and looked at Madi.
"I'm sorry I lied to you, but my real name is Kayla."
Madi looked confused.
"I don't understand, I'm supposed to meet Jake. He's a young man, about 20."
Madi's phone vibrated. There was a message from Jake.
 _"I'm sorry, my real name is Kayla"_
She looked back at Kayla. She squinted and opened her eyes. She started picturing the huge cock from the picture Jake sent. She looked at Kayla's figure and started seeing similarities to the picture and Kayla's hips.
"Wait, you're transgendered?" Madi asked.
"I am."
Madi stared at Kayla a little longer. She couldn't believe this was the person in the picture.
"Was that actually you in the picture you sent?" Madi asked.
"It was."
"And that actually was your cock?"
"Yes."
"Come inside sweetie."
Madi and Kayla talked for several minutes and learned about each other. Madi learned Jake was Kayla's name before she transitioned, also she was 5 feet and 4 inches tall (162cm). Kayla also learned that Madi's tits were a 30L, and they were natural. Kayla didn't even know bras came in those sizes.
"You're really beautiful," Kayla told Madi.
"Thank you, you're very cute," Madi replied. "I actually thought you were really young, like still in high school."
"I get that a lot, but I really am 20, here's my ID."
Madi took it from Kayla and saw she was born March 27, 2001. Looking at all this information really just made Madi question how this petite little woman was packing a huge cock.
"Where's your husband?"
"He had work for today, so I came without him. He said it would be okay if I had a little fun before he comes tomorrow."
"Do you still want to have fun? You know... with me?"
"Depends, is your cock really that hung?" Madi whispered.
Kayla nodded.
"Then why don't you take off those leggings," Madi asked.
Kayla got up and started putting her thumbs around her leggings and started pulling down. Madi watched as she started to see more of Kayla's figure and her panties. Bulging a little, to her surprise, Madi was shocked Kayla's panties could hold that cock of hers.
"How do you keep that cock of yours in those small panties?" Madi asked.
"I usually tuck, but it only works if I'm fully soft. If I get hard, I have to find a bathroom until I calm down."
Madi started noticing the bulge getting bigger.
"Well, let's make sure your little friend here needs to breathe. '' said Madi.
Madi started pulling down Kayla's panties slowly. She started seeing Kayla's smooth shaven mound. As she continued, she saw the base of Kayla's cock. She was so shocked, it wasn't even hard yet and it kept going and going. When she finally took off the panties, Kayla's semi soft cock swayed back and forth from the position she tucked. Madi couldn't believe how huge this cock was only semi soft. It looked to be about 7 inches right now, way bigger than her husband's.
"You're fucking huge sweetie." Madi said.
"I can get bigger," Kayla smirked.
"Please," Madi quivered in her pussy hearing that.
Kayla started stroking her huge cock back and forth. It didn't take long to get to full length. As she watched, Madi saw Kayla's cock for from 7 inches to 8 inches, and finally saw 11 inches of white, petite girlcock.
"I'm so wet right now."
"Why don't you clean some of my precum off my cock."
Madi grabbed the massive girlcock with her hands. She couldn't even put her whole hand around it. As she put both her hands on top of each other, Kayal's cock still had 4 or 5 inches of cock left. She began to put her lips on the head, which was also huge, about the size of a baby bottle cap.
She started licking the head clean from the precum. There was so much of it, every time she cleaned it off, more kept oozing out. So she decided to start sucking.
"Oh my god." Kayla moaned.
Madi was struggling to put the huge head in her mouth. It took a little bit, but her mouth loosed up and she started putting the entire head in her mouth. She kept thinking if it was this hard to put Kayla's head in her mouth, she was going to have a tough time trying to deep throat her girlcock. Kayla on the other hand was so surprised Madi was able to take her cock. She knew she was bigger than most of the pornstars she saw, and the girls in those videos have trouble with those.
"You're amazing, I didn't think anyone was able to take me," Kayla said.
Madi removed her mouth and gasped for air.
"You're a goddess, I want you to fuck me."
"Are you sure? I don't think it'll fit, I'm afraid of hurting you."
"Don't worry about it sweetie, I want you. I want that massive girl cock deep in me."
Kayla's cock twitched after hearing that.
Madi got up and started taking off her clothes. As she removed her panties, Kayla saw how wet she was. Kayla couldn't believe her eyes. Madi was so gorgeous, her figure was perfect, and her tits were massive. Kayla couldn't wait to fuck her tight pussy.
Madie laid down and spread open her legs.
"I want you," said Madi. Please stick your huge cock in me.
"Without a condom?"
"I'm on birth control, so you can go all out on me."
Kayla shot some precum when she heard that.
Kayla got on top of Madi and saw her tits jiggle when she put her weight on her. She grabbed her cock and led it to the entrance of Madi's pussy. Madi started moaning at the touch of her head on her clit. "Put it in me," Madi asked.
Kayla slowly pushed her cock in Madi's pussy. It was tight. Really tight. Even after seeing how dripping wet Madi was, it wasn't enough to put her cock through. Madi however, was moaning loud.
"FUUCK...you... you're huuuge."
"Are you okay? I haven't even put all of the head in yet."
"WHAT?! Holy Fuck."
Kayla continued pushing and rubbed Madi's clit, hopefully causing her to get her pussy even more wet than it already was. A few seconds passed and Kayla was able to get 1/3 of her head in her pussy.
"I can't take it anymore, SHIT!" Madi yelled. "Just push it all the way in, just force it."
"Are you sure, it looks like it hurts?"
"But it feels so fucking food sweetie. Please shove that big cock in my pussy."
Kayla didn't wait a second, she grabbed Madi's legs and forced her huge cock in Madi's pussy.
"FUCKING SHIT. HOLY SHIT."
Madi started to orgasm. Her tits were jiggling and her eyes were twitching in ecstasy. Kayla just stared, wanting to give her more, she started rubbing Madi's clit.
"FUUUCKING SHIIIT"
After a minute, Madi stopped shaking and came to.
"That was the best orgasm I've ever had. You're fucking incredible sweetie."
"Th- thanks."
"Okay, we can continue, I want to see how much cum you make."
Kayla nodded and started to push more of her cock in her. So far she was only able to get her head in and an inch of her cock. Madi's pussy was slowly loosening up but it wasn't fast enough for Kayla. She wanted to thrust all her cock in her. Realistically, she thought it would probably take some time for Madi to get used to her size. So she was gonna try to get as much cock inside Madi today.
A couple of minutes of slowly thrusting back and forth and going deeper each time, Madi was able to take 4 inches of Kayla's girlcock.
"Faster," said Madi.
Kayla began thrusting Madi's pussy faster. Her pussy on her cock started making a loud sloshing noise. "FuUuuck. Faster sweetie, give it to me faster baby." Madi asked.
Kayla kept pounding Madi's pussy and it got to the point where she was at the tempo where she usually gets to when she masturbates. Kayla looked at Madi and her huge tits were bouncing, hitting her face while she fuck her huge cock inside her. Kayla was getting close to cumming.
"Who's cock is better?" Kayla asked.
"Y- you, your cock is better. My husband's tiny 4 inch dick is nothing compared to your 11 inch girlcock."
"You've taken about 7 inches of my cock you know."
"Oh FUUCK. You feel so good. This is the best cock I've ever had."
Kayla was getting close to cumming. Madi's pussy would only let her in only 7 inches right now, so Kayla kept thrusting at full speed. Kayla could feel the cum build up at the base of her cock, she could feel her balls hitting Madi's ass. Then she started to feel Madi's pussy get tighter.
"FUCK, I"M GONNA CUM," Madi said.
"M-me too."
Madi started shaking and her pussy started squeezing and squirting on Kayla's cock. Kayla gave one last pump and started cumming inside Madi. She couldn't see it, but Kayla felt 6 good ropes of cum inside of Madi.
"Holy shit, I can feel your cum hitting inside of me."
"Sorry, I cum a lot."
Kayla pulled out and a bunch of her girl cum started coming out of Madi.
"You really do, I mean look how much is coming out, it's like a handful of cum."
Kayla laid down next to Madi tired out. Madi kept looking at her pussy and saw felt around to feel how big of a gape Kayla had left.
"I will never be satisfied with my husband ever again. I literally will not feel his tiny dick inside me anymore."
"I'll be happy to satisfy you whenever you want."
"I love the sound of that."
Madi stared at Kayla's soft cock. "You really are fucking huge, you're bigger than my husband soft than he is hard. You're like 6 inches soft."
"It's all yours now, that was the best first time ever."
"Wait what? You're a virgin? I mean were... a virgin?"