I spent two and a half years working in a kitchen as a junior after leaving school. It is bloody hard work; very long hours and low pay but I gained a good grounding. After the first year I move to a good kitchen under an excellent chef and while I was just one (and the most junior at that) in twelve I still learned a great deal.

Then the opportunity came along; a new hotel was opening in the Middle East and it advertised for staff. The attraction was that for a years contract it was tax free earnings and the salary was more than I'd receive in two years in the UK.

There were several added bonuses, firstly I'd be working in a five star hotel kitchen under several top chefs, secondly my fiance Anne was a waitress (at the first restaurant I'd worked at) and we thought it would be great if we could both get jobs there especially as we'd start there immediately after being married.

So we prepped for the interviews which were held in London; making sure we knew all about the hotel owners and what facilities it would have plus its possible client base. I also did research on the chefs; their style and what they might intend for the three main restaurants that were in the hotel.

As it turned out they were quite tough interviews, firstly I had to do a written test and a brief practical then a second interview facing a panel of two of the chefs which was really challenging. As it turned out Anne wasn't senior enough for the waiter vacancies as they wanted silver service experience and all the posts were supervisory. They did however ask if she'd like to be considered for one of the hostess positions, working in the casino.

She was a little worried about this since she'd have to learn how to deal blackjack, do croupier work but mainly because she'd have to wear a rather skimpy outfit. In the end we decided it would be ok and she went for an interview which was straight forward and despite her lack of knowledge she fitted the profile so offered her the job knowing she'd get full training.

I got a job as well so we were over the moon. We met up for training in London as did Anne then we got married before leaving for our new jobs. We didn't have a honeymoon because I couldn't spare the time away since we were so close to the opening so but flew to the hotel three days later.

The real training began once we were there but we only had four week before it opened so it was full on. We had to learn the opening menus, the style of each restaurant and of course many new dishes. Anne was presented with her uniforms and was a little embarrassed about them but being very pretty she looked stunning.

Anne was required to wear a sliver cat-suit with long sleeves over flesh coloured tights, a tiny silver skirt and heeled sandals. The cat-suit was a little bit revealing although it had silver panels on the important places plus she wore bright red lip-gloss and matching nails all very nicely manicured. Actually with the skirt she looked more like an extra from some science fiction series than a hostess although she did look really sexy and hot. I guess her self consciousness lasted a week or two but she was soon used to wearing the uniform so it was ok.

It was a real rush to be open on time and they were long hours: Anne was finding it tough both learning how to handle the different games and the fact that she was required to serve drinks and also chat to the punters in the casino to help them spend more. I found I was shattered as we were working twelve hour days almost from the start. The staff quarters were fine although all the rooms were twins which meant we had separate beds. We shared one at first but we were coming in at different times - and going straight to sleep - so after the initial few days we often used separate beds to we didn't wake the other up.

Now our life was ok and we both had Wednesday off which gave us time together. We knew we had a year of hard work ahead of us but if we stuck it out we'd have money in the bank and could buy a house when we got home, besides if I did well I'd have the opportunity to get a better post in a good kitchen.

The opening was manic and that first week I had no time off and slept as soon as I got in to our room. Anne was just as tired since she started later and was coming in after me we only had a few hours to talk. I got the sense she was actually finding it tougher than I was but she just said she was getting used to the guests who were demanding.

Our bedroom life was ok as Anne still liked to slip into bed with me every few days and have sex even though we were bushed. Anyway we continued for the first month with little time to ourselves not that we did much when we were off together because there wasn't a lot to do. We did a day excursion to some ancient sites locally but it was frankly too hot and besides we just wanted to chill out when we had time.

Anne was working mainly in the casino but she was also doing the occasional evening waitressing in the function rooms where some guest would hold private dinners and these were increasingly long evenings meaning she would sometimes not return until very late so crept in not to wake me.

I guess it was about three months in when things began to noticeably change. Firstly Anne and I probably hadn't had sex for several weeks (we were still newlyweds) and secondly she was doing more and more functions meaning she was always in so late I hardly saw her. Then she suddenly began to do extra Wednesdays taking Tuesdays off instead which meant with we were seeing little of each other.

I guess it was about that time I began to hear the rumours regarding the hostesses. Now I should add here that there had already been a steady turnover of staff and while the chef and other seniors were the same, many juniors had changed and I was feeling lonely as the two guys I knew as friends had both gone.

It was an Aussie who had just arrived who first mentioned the fact that he'd like to get a shot at one of the `hotel sluts' and when I asked him what he meant he smiled as if I was making a joke. A little later he was taking to another guy, who I barely spoke to (he was from Eastern Europe and very surly) and that guy finally asked him who he meant. "Christ! You stupid or something?" He stated incredulously then turned to me and added. "Even Ben knows!" It was a statement which I didn't respond to but he seemed to take as confirmation.

"The party girls! I met a guy who told me he worked for some Arab owned company and his boss came here a couple of times last month. He told me they have a few special girls who work in private rooms here providing entertainment and if they fancy them the guests can charge them to their room. Honest I'm not kidding!" He stated looking at the guy.

"You're full of shit!" The Serbian or whatever he was chipped back.

"No it's true." Came the voice of another junior who I'd seen about for the past few weeks but never spoken to, other than to say `good morning'. "I've seem them." He added.

"What!" I exclaimed.   The others looked at me but since no one knew that my wife was working there they seemed to assume I was interested rather than upset.

"Tell you what since we're on the early shift I'll show you!"

"Show us?" I asked confused.

The guy grinned. "The rooms are closed but if we're early we can get access. There's a party this evening."

"Sounds good!" The Aussie responded. "I know Ben's up for it aren't ye' mate!" He smiled knowingly at me. I had to know so I nodded dumbly. That evening I showered then changed quickly before meeting the two others (the Serbian wasn't interested) before we slipped down to the access corridor into a storage room that had access to the function room. It was already late as we watched a party with hostesses dancing together in the middle of the room with several Arab men. Then I saw Anne: My wife was with a man older than her father and letting him run his hands over her back as she took a swig of wine then turned and pulled him up to dance.

I won't go into detail because it was actually very boring; the women danced for quite a while but actually nothing else happened at all which disappointed the other two men (but not me) and after a while the Aussie asked: "Where's the sex then?" Eddie just shrugged. 

"Sometimes they do it here, in the room." He stated defensively but I realised he wasn't sure and I guessed that this might be his first time watching after all. My Aussie friend did as well.

"You've never been in here before have you?" Eddie looked embarrassed. "Thought not! Waste of our fucking time!" He added then went to go.

"They sometimes visit the roof pool because it's closed this late at night!" he blurted defensively. The Aussie just snorted and left I went back to my apartment but found it empty then fretted what to do. After several hours I went back to the function room but they were clearing away and I was now worried.

In the end I decided to try the roof pool not that I held out much hope but it was all I could do. I couldn't get access via the main entrance but I was able to use the service stair and once there I realised Eddie had been correct. There were three people there two men and a girl. They were a distance away from me so it was hard to see clearly but one of the men was taking the woman on all fours while the other sat in the pool watching.

I skirted around under the cover of the shadows and then had to work my way around the back of the vent plant before I could see them again. I was shocked as soon as I got better view: Anne was clearly taking the man happily as he drove deeply into her she was giving him encouraging words and kept moaning as he pounded. They did it for another fifteen minutes at least them the man yelled as did my wife. He pulled away from her and I could see, with horror he'd not worn anything and she was dripping with his semen. The view of her used sex lasted no more than a minute because he was replaced by the other man who unlike the first was much younger and also big and black.

The man hammered at Anne with his huge cock and she moaned and told him `yes' repeatedly; she was either a great actress or she had a huge climax causing her to convulse and drop onto her elbows panting. The guy continued to use her but I'd seen enough and with tears in my eyes I slipped back into the shadows. I guess I was not concentrating because I bumped into one of the senior managers as I came down the staircase from the room and before I knew what was happening I was dragged to an empty office. He of course didn't know I was married to the woman on the roof but knew I'd seen what was happening up there and warned me that I would probably lose my job in the morning.

He added that if there was one rumour about it tomorrow then he would know it was from me and I'd also lose my back pay I then told him about Eddie and Rick, the Aussie (I was scared for my salary as it seemed it was all I had left, I'd lost my wife) and he looked at me for ages then told me I'd be dealt with in the morning. The next day I was summoned to see one of the Arab executives who sat me down then asked me if I liked working at the hotel. I said it was tough and then added that my life was shattered after last night. He didn't understand what I meant but explained I was still working at the hotel because I was actually doing well and it was a real pity that he had to let me go.

I looked at my feet then asked: "What about my wife?" He was confused so looked at my file and finally the penny dropped. He then gave a big smile.

"Ben, I misunderstood! I thought you were going to compromise the reputation of one of our most generous guests." I might have been a little hasty. This man..." he looked at his notes, "...Eddie, did he actually see anything?" 

"No." I answered.

""Neither did Rick?" He pressed.

"There was nothing to see but Rick mentioned he knew of this from someone whose boss stayed here."

"Hardly likely but I will check that out." He nodded. "Ben I can see now why you were on the roof but it wasn't smart. The man with the Sheik would have probably killed you had he found you there! I'll see what is happening with your wife and the Sheik. I guess you know that he's seen her quite a bit." He paused then looked at me silently.

"Ben?" he asked finally.

"Yes?"

"I think I can work something out so leave this to me."

Eddie was fired that same morning and Rick was given the run around for a week until he quit telling me the place was a shambles. Of course by that time things had changed for me. An hour after the meeting I was told to report to one of the chefs at the top floor restaurant and to my great surprise was set a couple of complex dishes to prepare. It turned out to be an audition which I passed and I found myself suddenly a member of his core staff a considerable step up from where I'd been. Later that evening I was excused from work as I was asked to attend the same manager from the morning. He took me to a private suite on the twentieth floor and slipping into a side room he motioned to me to be quiet then we went to another room where I could see through a mirror to the room beyond.

"Anne is inside. Be silent and I'll let you watch but remember the Sheik is a very private man and if he knew it would literally be both our balls!" he gave me a look then left locking the door behind him so I was effectively trapped.

Then finally I dared to look: Anne was naked and on her back with the large black man pounding her. The Arab was sitting watching as I guessed he'd already had my wife since he was the boss and he was just in a dressing gown.

Anne was making very loud noises so I couldn't hear what the Sheik said but the black man laughed at what I suppose was a joke at Anne's expense then he made more effort and with Anne wailing and clawing his back the man ploughed her for simply ages until he came. I stared at my wife as she lay legs still apart on the bed her sex open and oozing then I realised the Sheik was disrobing and about to use her again. Anne looked at him and even held her arms to welcome him into her. He wasn't as large as his bodyguard but he was still a good size and my wife was groaning and holding him and kissing him telling him to fuck her hard. I felt sick.

They did it for almost thirty minutes then finally it was over and the Sheik showered with my wife. I was let out before the emerged. That night Anne turned up, earlier than normal accompanied by the same manager I'd seen that day. He sat us down then explained he was very happy we were doing so well and then added that the Sheik was very please that Anne was so accommodating and he would reward her handsomely if it continued. Anne looked pale but when the man explained I'd had `fun' watching her earlier with the Sheik and his bodyguard she at first went wide-eyed then actually looked relieved. The man told us that after tomorrow Anne would also be promoted and then left us alone.

"I didn't know you knew!" She stated as soon as the door closed. "I'm so happy you're ok with it! I didn't know where it would leave us but thank God it's all ok!" She blurted this out then added before I could speak. "Sheik Abdulla's got the real hots for me and... and I guess I enjoy it as well!" She paused. "So you got promoted also! Fantastic!" She went to kiss me but I was like stone.

"Honey? You know what I'm doing so why the long face now?" I was speechless so shook my head, what could I say. "Just remember when we leave we'll have even more money to put down on a house!"

Somehow I let her kiss me and despite everything then let her seduce me. She was very loose and wet but we did it for only a couple of minute before I came. She smiled at me and told me that wouldn't do and blew me then I got on her and we had sex for twenty minutes. I was a coward so I just went along with it. Anne's promotion was to become Abdulla's exclusively; she kept his bed warm when he was there. She came back to me when he were not around but that was infrequent and when she did we just chatted or cuddled.

I guess I threw myself into my work but I was aware so was my wife especially when I was invited to another viewing session one evening and again found myself locked in the little room on my own. This time Anne was with Daknu the bodyguard and two other huge black men that looked after the Sheik. He was not about. That night Anne took all three men one after the other, on her back, on all fours and even rode them. She was insatiable and willing to engage in sex without complaint for the best part of two hours. I left her still riding one of the men the manager watching her from the same vantage point.

It was around six months into the contract my wife sat me down and told me she was leaving, for a while. I asked her if it was over between us but she shook her head no adding that Abdulla wanted her to go on a trip which would take several weeks. The very next day she was gone. There wasn't a single word from her and one week turned into three then five then ten and guessed she'd gone for good. Work was ok and I had the option of staying on for longer I decided to do so having lost my wife there was little left for me to go back for. I agreed to extend my contract not really thinking how long I might stay there but dreading going home and explaining to friends how I lost my new wife.

 It was actually my wedding anniversary morning when I was woken in the very early hours by Anne sliding into my bed. She was kissing me as she rubbed my cock until I was hard then she climbed on me. Christ! She was so loose I couldn't feel her at all until she clamped her muscles onto me and used them almost like a hand to milk my penis.

It was as I woke fully I realised she was lager than normal and then I looked and realised she was pregnant. She looked into my eyes and said in a matter of fact voice;

"Four months." Then she kissed me. "I missed you!" She added.

"Where did you go?" I asked.

 "I first went with him to visit Qatar then after a month or more there I ended up with him wherever he went, until yesterday."

"So it's his?" I asked

"Probably but his bodyguards have been sharing me as well so I really don't know. I ran out of the pill and told him but he simply thought it more fun, since I was unprotected and frankly I wasn't really in a position to say no."

"Why are you here?"

"You're my husband and this is our anniversary!" She stated surprised.

"I thought you'd left me." I told her, she was still riding me her muscles working hard.

"No. I told you I'd be back. Now I understand you've signed another contract."

"Yes but I don't have..."

"It's great because I will have the baby here and no one will know. We'll go home after."

"What about the baby? I mean it will be black!"

"It's all sorted. So don't sweat it. Now just so you know I've earned two hundred thousand this year and Abdulla has promised me another fifty when the baby comes."

I sat stunned as my wife worked on me.

"Baby?" She opened.

"Yes?"

"I've changed since you last saw me."

"What do you mean?"

"It's dark so you can't see me but Abdulla insisted on a few things. I'll show you tomorrow. Now please cum!" I did.

The next day I looked at her in shock: her small breasts would grow with childbirth but she already had large inserts in them plus rings through the nipples. What was more dramatic was the tattoo covering her now bare sex. It was a very detailed picture of a woman arching her back mouth open as she's taken by two dark men, it stretched from the base of her rear right up to just below her belly button. It was like an airbrush painting it was so fine which meant it was so very, very graphic!

Anne smiled at me then added. "This will come home with us I'm afraid!"

I had work that day but she was still in the apartment when I returned later that day. She sat with me then admitted that she'd been easily seduced:

"I think they drugged me the first couple of times. I sort of lost my inhibitions and the next thing I knew I was having sex with these Arabs. After that Abdulla claimed me and it was just him or Daknu for most of the time."

I stared at my little twenty year old wife and realised she was a completely different woman but I loved her. "I missed you." I told her honestly, despite everything it was true.

Five months later she gave birth to a son who was probably Abdulla's as he was quite lightly tanned. She nursed him for about two months then he was given away.

Anne was really upset after that she missed her baby so much. I suppose I should have left immediately but I was doing well at work so we agreed to stay to the end of the second year contract. The month after the baby was given away I came home to find Anne dressing in a uniform again. Of course her breasts were much bigger now but she looked great as she'd quickly lost the extra pounds. I was nervous about this but she said it would be OK although I wasn't that sure. Anyway within a few weeks she was back in the flow of work and pretty soon coming back in the early hours. In the end I asked her if she was having sex with guests and she said yes of course, it was her job!

We were home three months later and I began working in a decent restaurant in London. We had money to put down towards a decent house and a small mortgage so Anne could stay at home. She was pregnant with her second baby only this time it was mine. The week after she found out she asked me if she could indulge herself one last time and I agreed. She dressed for sex and went out. She phoned me later that night whispering she was with a man and would be home the next day.
I should have guessed something was up because she called again the next day and asked if I minded her staying a little longer. I agreed. Just as before she phoned and this time told me bluntly she was not coming home for a while.

I saw her a week later dressed in a tiny skirt sitting with a group of rather frightening black men. She looked at me and gave a little nod and smile then ignored me completely. I was too scared to go over. She was away for six weeks. She saw her friends and even her mother but not me. Eventually I came home to find her in our bed and was greeted with sex, her using muscles to overcome her gaping hole. She confessed the men she'd been with were very large and she'd had some fantastic sex but now it was behind her forever and she was just mine.

Five years on we have two children and are happy although Anne still has to be a little carefully about what she wears because of the tattoo. We sometimes whisper fantasies about those times and occasionally she will describe how she had sex with Daknu or Abdulla or the gang members she'd picked up when back in the UK. I do still feel a little jealous but of course we did also get a lot out of it in the long run not that I could bear to relive those sad lonely months in Dubai again.
