I cannot take full credit for this story which is an excerpt from a story I read many years ago called, "I, SADIST"
 I have altered the story slightly but the majority of it is as written by the original owner                                   


THE AWAKENING OF DESIRE

As I lie here day dreaming, I think back to my youth as a naive young girl just
starting to blossom and feel the awakening of desires I did not understand.
Back to a balmy summers day in the country , back to a hillside of lush green
grass.
Back to...........
                             "THE AWAKENING OF DESIRE" 

Life was wonderful as a fourteen year old girl, the world was a lovely place to live in, trees blossomed and the fragrance of the sweet grass filled the air with delicate perfume.
I skipped thoughtlessly over the rising ground, happy and care free, my hair flowed behind me, my eyes sparkled with the fun of living as my small maturing breasts bounced delightfully inside my loose blouse, unfettered and free.
My long thighs tingled with the breeze of pure freshness as I raced up that hillside, my skirt billowed carefree, whipping loosely about the tanned golden flesh so carelessly displayed.
I was alone and unafraid, I was in love with nature and everything seemed in tune with my romantic soul 
The tiny clump of bushes hid him from me, I picked my way through the tangled brush, playfully plucking small shoots and buds in passing.
I could faintly make out his head, a blonde head with a strong masculine face peering out over the edge of the hill at the country side beyond.
He must have been lost in contemplation for he never even heard me, I pushed out into the open and stopped suddenly, the song of nature frozen onmy lips.
He was naked, absolutely stark naked, I gasped and the loud explosion of breath attracted him,  he twisted around and I saw it for the first time, a protruding limb of darker coloured flesh protruding from a thicket of hair that curled and matted the lower extremes of his stomach.
He saw the direction of my gaze and laughed, I will always remember thatlaugh, it was coarse, conceited and filthy.
His fingers flipped the ugly member at me and his lilting voice beat against my ear drums saying "What's the matter little girl, this the first time you have seen heaven in the nude".
I was paralysed, my eyes travelled up from this grotesque thing up to his hairy chest to his laughing face. I saw the bright eyes, the wavy hair, the thin lips drawn back in a snarling mask of lust as his eyes peeled away my clothing and saw me nude also.
I felt a strange feeling of comfit in knowing that I held some power over him, in knowing that my body attracted his worst thoughts, my hands clenched and unclenched as I moved slowly, backing away from the sight of this man naked, a man with intent written on his evil face, a man who would take away my one remaining vestige of purity, my useless virginity.
He bound across the space separating us with that monstrous organ an invitation to sin, he smiled down at me, his eyes capturing mine,holding me powerless in a vice of immobility.
He spoke to me through the haze of depravity that surrounded us "Oh, surely you not frightened by seeing my prick.. come on, you've seen mine , lets have a look at that cute receptacle of yours, eh.
I shuddered, he was insane, he was utterly mad suggesting that I a fourteen year old school girl would deliberately bare my secret parts to his lascivious eyes, that I should offer myself for his depraved senses.
I stammered, " Y-- you,-- your insane I won't do su--such a thing", his index finger and thumb encircled the dangling roundness of his organ, and he slowly at first, then faster started to stroke the swelling rod of skin and muscle.
His eyes never left my face, I could feel the tension building inside me, feeling the overwhelming urgency compel me to watch his member rise, clasped by his frictioning finger and thumb to an enormous size, sticking up from the hirsute growth of his stomach like an angry red poker.
He gave it a few fast jerks that pulled the loose dark skin back from the satiny head then said "There-- there take a look at that, lovely prick, ain't it, big and thick, big enough to fill your little cunt, thick enough to make you cum six times to my one, big and thick girlie, big and thick and so nice to fuck you and have shoved up your hot little belly, eh?
His words were so crude, words I had heared in the school playground but never from a grown man, telling me what he wanted to do to me, prick, fuck, cunt, words that strangly I repeated to myself, strange but stiring some thing inside of me, exciting me.   
My thighs were sticky, I could feel the wet ooze from between my swollenlips, trickling down the itching flesh of my inner thighs. I wanted to scream and run away but some mysterious power held me there, I could feel the stirring inside my body, feel thepounding of my heart inside my heaving young breasts, feeling the wetness of my genitals urge me to seek some form of release for the discomfit his ugly, yet strangely, beautiful organ had produced inside me.
His voice was now softer almost pleading now as he asked me, " Are you going to let me see your little den, don't you want to touch my cock ....like this "?
His hand was hot and firm as he took mine, guiding my palm along the hardness of his erection,I felt the hot flesh burning away my resistance, I felt the smooth swollen helmet swell even more as he closed my palm over the huge circumference of his rod.
He surged forward into my encircling hand until the loose skin of his testicles was pressed against me, I shivered. 
This was the first time I had ever held a man's organ in my hand and the sensation was delightful, I gave in to the urge and fondled the entire length and width of that strong bow, I felt along it from the little hole spotting the bloated head down to the curving stem and down to the testicles so full of pleasure for a woman.
His hands caressed my arms , then up to my shoulders, his voice cooing gently as he began to unbutton my blouse.
"There now ... back and forth again back and forth along it...ah, that's lovely, you like feeling my prick, don't you/, no don't stop, I'll feel your tits for you and you will soon want it shoved into your little wet nest. "
The cool air brushed my naked breasts as he threw back my blouse, I felt weak, dirty, here I was, a virgin, letting this filthy man bare my breasts as I caressed his hard penis for him, listening to his licentious gasps of joy as he took me and sank to the grass with me beside him.
He leant over me, his eyes fixed on the swellings of my maturing breasts, "So lovely, so lovely" he sighed and his hands found them, I shivered, a fire streaking through my chest, filling my breasts with emotion, sinking shafts of burning passion into my loins. My hands now sought his body, both wrapped around the hardness of his penis, seeking to bare the secrets of that mighty instrument.
I rolled back the flesh back and forth, I stroked the swollen bulges of his testicles, I caressed he ridged underside of the stem and I felt the tide of desire wash and bathe me in it's beautiful ebb, his fingers rolled the tips of my nipples, they needed the turgid points into seething nubs of lust, they cupped and fondled the twin mounds of smooth flesh.
He bent over me and the heat of his breath was an ember that raised my nipples to pulsing test of fury, his lips caressed the firm tips and his mouth opened and took delighted teat into the moist cavity, sucking and licking the little cherries, I was moaning strange phrases that sent him into a frenzy of action.
"Ohhh--- yes, again, lick it again, suck the left one now--- ahhh, bite me, no No not too
hard ohhh, ahhh it's wonderful, feel them both, feel them". I couldn't keep still, I writhed on the grass, my loins ached for his hands and soon had their prays answered.
Unable to stop, I lay on my back, my hips twisting out of control, my legs threshing wildly, his hands felt their way down my sides, stroking the skin, causing goose pimples to rise.
He fumbled at the buttons holding my skirt, when loosened, he unzipped the side.
I wanted to yell, to tell him to stop but the sensation of desire filled me and wanted him to hurry to his target, I knew what he wanted, knew where he would touch me,knew what was about to happen.
His hands caressed the flesh of my hips as he pushed down the clinging skirt and I felt my hips rise, my buttocks lift as I helped him undress me.
He grunted and his mouth sucked on a flaming nipple, I shuddered delightfully as I felt the skirt fall uselessly about my knees and his hand move over the silken covering of my panties, over the wet silk to..... I felt the hand of doom use me then, I felt the hand heavy on the satiny velvet of my groin and I breathed faster, I was under the spell of lust and I didn't want to be freed.
His fingers traced a hurried line along the wet lips that pouted and blossomed under his touch, I thrust up to meet his fondling, I threw my thighs apart and he caressed the wetness where my vagina poured forth it's lubricating fluid for his final act.
He tugged at the elastic topped briefs and down they came, I grasped his huge penis even tighter, furiously stroking it, rubbing on the polished surface of the gland.
He jerked and his satiny hood penetrated the encircling protection of my palm and jabbed at the soft flesh of my thigh.
The contact was my undoing , the heat of the bulging tip on the tender skin of my thigh had  me wild with desire, I rolled and twisted and my briefs slipped down my legs.
Kicking skirt and panties off, I opened my legs and panted, "Now, feel it, feel it all over, rub the button till I cum off, oh, you lovely lovely thing, make me go off".
His mouth left my breasts and pressed on my lips, his tongue a hot dart thatsnaked into my mouth, caressing my tongue, building fires that would never cease to flame inside me, as we kissed his fingers worked down through the sparse velvety tufts of hair covering my prominent mound.
I shuddered as the first finger tip entered the top rim of my crack, then he was spreading open my wet lips, his fingers probing down to the furnace of my vagina, through my swollen and itching lips.
As he passed the button of pleasure, he paused and rubbed it bringing a gasp of pleasure from me, a pleasure I had known many times in the darkness of my bed as I had stroked myself to orgasm, imagining what I was now having done to me.
I ached my body to his hands and felt him searching the moist interior of my lips, opening the entrance to love with experienced skill.
I moved the head of his penis closer, rubbing the head on the short curls that covered my vagina, I wanted to feel the thing boring into me where his fingers now sank deep into the voluptuous orifice that poured forth a steady stream of sticky fluid on his hand.
His penis was throbbing in my hand and I listened to his panting with joy, his body jerked madly at me as he worked his fingers in and out and around and about  inside my orifice as his mouth kissed me feverishly.
He groaned, "I must have you now, open your legs while I get on you, oh baby, your a hot little fuck, I'll fill you with spunk and make you cum good".
He clambered clumsily over me, kneeling between my raised and spread legs, I felt his weight fall on me, crushing the breath from my lunges, his hand took his prick away from me and I felt the hot hood slipping along the entire length of my crack, as it rubbed my clitoris I opened wide the gates of heaven, I gasped loudly "Yes, yes, put it into me NOW" .
He moaned and I felt pain, pain that made me scream as the burning thickness of his member forced me open, thrusting savagely into the tightness of my vagina, I screamed again, "No...no!, don't do it, ... your killing me, it hurts too much, STOP, NOOOO!".
His hands grabbed the flattened flesh of my buttocks, lifting me to him, raising my body to receive the full stroke that hammered into my pain flooded organ, I yelled as it felt
like a red hot poker ripping me open, it was enormous, that hard thick thing surging
deeper and deeper into me.
He grunted, backed up and lunged at me again, I felt a tearing, hurting yielding and the hymen burst asunder and as his penis plunged past the tattered remains of my virginity it seemed to sink right into my womb, I felt bloated with this terrible hard shaft stuck into my body.
I felt as though I had been forced open and filled with something huge and thick, hot and unyielding, I felt sick with the pain that welled and raged inside my little organ, he groaned again with pleasure as he slowly withdrew the awful thing, withdrawing it almost out of my belly.
I cried aloud as again with one brutal shove he sank that that hardness back into my bloody wet pussy, shoved it all the way back in until it filled me anew filled and throbbed in the deepest part of my tight passage.
"Baby, oh! baby, what a fuck you are" he panted as his hips started to grind against me.
He was slobbering at my heaving hurting breasts, his teeth scraping across the turgid tips of my nipples, biting them in the throes of his pleasure, his prick was aliving hard bar of steel, plunging in and out of me, thrusting it's swollen meaty helmet deep into my belly.
I gasped and struggled, my thighs clung to him and my buttocks rolled in his hands as the pain ebbed away and died in a glorious welter of pulsing delight, every stroke that plunged his lovely thick prick into my slushing wet vagina was now a thrill that filled me with dizziness, filled me with a powerful urge to take even more of it into me.
I wanted to feel that monstrous thing crawling all the way past my womb and shoved right up inside my body till it came out of my mouth, so much did I love the sensation of being filled by him that I begged him " Shove it into me harder, fuck me harder harder, ohhh! Right up me, can't you you stick it up me further than that?, ohhh, again oh yes faster, faster, ah, ohhh, ohhh, ahhh! fuck it into me, that's it, NOW..... SHOVE IT INTOME HARD!!!..... HARDER!!!, OH!! GOD yes, don't stop now Yesssss, aiyeeeeeeee 'M cumming, FUCK MEEEEE"
I couldn't stop the flow of words that I shouted from my lips,  those obscene words that I never thought I would use ever , I didn't care, I wanted him to know exactly what I wanted, I was on fire and the thrills his penis sent through my vagina were sensational as he pistoned in and out of me.
Pleasure swamped me and my belly burst open, I itched, I tickled, I felt the throbs of his manhood increase and the insides of my passage was a roiling, slushing gusher of sticky juices that spurted past his manhood and squirted over our thighs.
I quivered delightedly as he gasped and his body bounced erratically on top of me, driving his huge member in and out and around inside my young girls sex with greedy haste.
The orgasm that rocked me was ebbing when he gave a loud yelp, "I'm cumming--- God, I'm cumming off now --- fuck me squeeze me, make me cum good".
I felt the first jet of his seed  splatter in the entrance of my womb then a spurting torrent of hot, thick blobs shot from his prick and filled me with exquisite delight.
My body bucked and I came a second time, our movements were frantic as thrills of utterly fantastic pleasure crashed over us, I felt as though my body had been rung through a ringer, I sank limply to the grass as his big lovely penis hammered
spasmodically at my insides and it was still ejaculating it's voluptuous sperm into me flooding me with sensations of sheer delight.
I collapsed in a whirling fog of emotional turmoil as I felt him give a last effort and his cock buried it's softening nose in the warmth of my belly and his weight fell on me, he lay panting, the sweat dripping from him his chest heaving and his dick goingsoft in my convulsing vagina.
"Did _ you_ like _ it" he gasped into my ear as he lay on on top of me, his hands groped under my buttocks and slipped around to the furrow of my behind, movingdown and touching briefly the puckered sensitivity of my anus then down to the soaked sticky nest of sparse hair that bordered the gaping lips around his organ firmly gripped within.
I could taste the thin trickle of salty blood that oozed from my lower lip where he had bitten me at the hight of his orgasm.
I breathed slowly, trying to stem the rising passion that each whispered word, each
slight movement of his member inside me aroused, between lips that trembled excitedly I said "Yes, Oh! Yes, I never knew it could be this good, Yes, I loved it, Oh!please, make it hard again and do me that way again, I want to feel it hard inside me , I want to be all wet again with your-----", I stopped, "What did you call it"?
"SPUNK___SPUNK, from my cock you got a load of sticky spunk right up your hot tight,
beautiful cunt, you liked it so, lets make it hard again shall we"? Before I could answer he withdrew, his cock ? from my cunt? and I heard a violent sucking plop as it came out of me,the mess of slime that still filled my vagina poured out down my cheeks and I was lying in a pool of sticky, wet cum.
He crept up my body trailing a slimy wet thing over my flesh, I shivered as the sensuous wet thrilled me, I knew what it was and wondered out loud "Oh!, wet me all over with your spunk, make me all wet with it, I love spunk, I love being covered in your spunk".
He grunted and heaved himself astride between my budding breasts, his penislay limp and dripping between those startled, swollen orbs.
I looked down and saw the goo that coated the loose skin, the helmet now softand flaming red, I saw the flecks of blood on the shaft and knew that there was my lost virginity and I didn't care any more.
He held his penis out and moved closer to my face, his voice was strained, his breathing, fast and excited as he told me "There now, make it hard the right way, kiss it
here..."
The red nose was touching my lips, I gasped, and my mind screamed that this wasn't right, that this man was trying to make me do an unnatural thing, I didn't care about natural or unnatural things, I only knew I could smell the tang from his helmet, the strong male smell of sperm and flesh.
 I wanted to kiss it, to taste the juices made during my first orgasm given to me by this man, I slipped a tentative tongue out and flicked the tip across the soft satiny flesh of his helmet head, I shivered delightedly, the salty taste of his spunk was delicious, I opened my lips and and closed my mouth over that soft head, licking the pearly dew from the orifice.
He shuddered and bent forward, pressing more of his cock into my mouth , I gagged until I learned to suck and lick it with bobbing, rolling motions.
As I sucked on it, I felt it rise, it got bigger, longer, thicker, till it filled my mouth with it's huge knob.
He was weaving back and forth on my breasts, his crack rubbing the flattened orbs continuously, I was aroused even more than the first time , here I was, no longer a virgin, with her first taste of a man's penis exploding it's sticky poison in her cunt, and but minutes from having herself inundated with a stream of hot seed again.
Behaving like a whore, I sucked feverishly at his cock, hearing the animal gasps of joy from above as my fingers sought the hairy balls that rubbed my chest and played with them.
My teeth scraped the surface of his knob, tugged at the sensitive skin under it, bit the loose flash rolled back from the helmet.
He reached back and clawed at my sticky, gaping hole, his fingers ravishing the ripe entrance to the cave of passion, I flipped my hips around and enjoyed the mounting sensations of his fingers rubbing my erected clitoris and digging into the depths of my vagina.
Then a new thrill happened to me, he gave two fast humps of his hips and his cock dived into the cavity of my burning hot mouth, on the second stroke I felt the head swell on my tongue, then a steaming, spurting jet of creamy spunk shot down my throat.
I swallowed the sticky sperm as fast as I could, gulping as the jets sent more of his seed into my mouth, flooding that hungry cave and trickling a salty stream down my chin, I slurped noisily on his throbbing cock trying desperately to drain every drop of juice from the expanded hole on the knobs tip.
He clutched and clawed at my cunt, tearing the fine hair, plucking at the pulsing clitty, shoving fingers of iron into my vagina ruthlessly.
As he finished ejaculating he slithered from me, panting to me as he clambered from around my body, "Wonderful, what a sucking bitch you are, now for some cunt meat, I'll have you off in no time you cock sucking darling".
I had no idea what he was about to do till he did it and it was the most beautiful feeling ever as his face brushed against the sticky down on my cunt, his tongue licking everycurly shoot.
He opened the folds with feverish fingers and his tongue lapped along my slit, taking my clitoris in his mouth, he sucked longingly, lovingly on the excited little bud, then with a swift flip of his hands he lifted my cunt up and his tongue started working around inside my wet vagina.
I loved this, he munched the hair that covered the lips, he chewed the folds of tender flesh, he laved the rigid clit and sucked the hole of joy, licked, poked and tickled every part of me with his protruding tongue..
So intense was every thrill that the gushing emission of orgasm surprised us both, I felt the titillating change from thrilling pleasure to wildly convulsing joy take place in a twinkling and the nectar of love flooded his mouth with it's bitter, sweet dew.
His fingers poked at my tightly closed ring, poking till they intruded on the vibrating flesh, as I felt my rear hole being violated I gave a mighty surge and his mouth was closed around my down covered muff, pressing tightly onto his teeth, the juice of my passion draining unhindered down his throat.
We lay there, wrapped in sensuous tonguing, fondling and fingering till the sky started turning dark and the cooling breeze of evening blew over us.
I will always remember his words as we slowly dressed with several interludes for thirsty kisses and intimate feelings, "Girlie, you will be a terrific fuck in a few years, I wish I was single so I could marry you and have that greedy cunt of yours to fuck every damned night, you will drive men crazy if you let them tear off a piece of that meat, and the way you suck cock, you are incredible"
I left him at the bottom of the hill knowing there would never be a next time for us, he had a wife to go home to and I had a few more years at school before I could safely indulge in the pleasures of the flesh.
Yes, I remember that first time as though it was yesterday and will always remember that first time and the pleasure I enjoyed.
No school boy could give to me what this man had given and no more could I endure the groping that these immature boys had forced upon me in the past.