Sara gets naked for our friends
by Bushlover12

A night of drinking ends up with my wife being nude for my friends.

       A couple years ago my wife threw a small party while I was gone for the weekend and things got out of control for her fast. Her friends and my friends are all the same people, so it wasn’t any big deal when she said she was having them over. However, when I got home that Sunday the stories and pictures of what she did came flying out from her and my friends.
      My wife Sara is a conservative type, not big on partying to much and a bit on the prude side. She is 5 foot 2 with a great body but does not show it off very often. When she does have a few to many she acts completely different and really lets loose.
      So here is how the night went down according to everyone. Sara decided to invite some of our friends over to keep her company while I was gone. She had 3 couples over and they began drinking early in the afternoon. She also invited her boss Dawn over. Dawn was a very powerful woman at her work and was a few years older than Sara. I didn’t care too much for her as she could really push her power around sometimes. After they grilled out the drinking continued into the evening. Sara spilled a dish of beans all over her clothes and went to grab something to wear. She took a quick shower and grabbed the first thing in the drawer. A tiny barley covering anything lacey lingerie that was see through. The alcohol was obviously taking a heavy affect as she didn’t even notice what she put on. She headed back down to our friends when they all were left speechless. They continued having drinks until her one friend Ellen pulled her aside and said, “what the hell are you doing?’ Sara had no idea what she was talking about while the males were all staring and getting her more drinks. Ellen asked Dawn to take her upstairs and get her some more appropriate clothes on. Dawn took Sara up to our room and said, “oh my god I can’t believe you wore that in front of everyone!” Sara in her drunken state said “why, can you see through it?” Dawn just laughed and took a picture of her and showed it to Sara. Sara was stunned, “Oh my God I’ve been walking around like this for 20 minutes I’m so embarrassed”. With the picture to look at she could see that her nipples were totally visible not to mention her dark black pubic hair could be seen as well. She took off the piece of lingerie and began looking for something to put on. Dawn snapped another pic of Sara completely nude. Sara said what are you doing and Dawn replied, “ WTF they’ve all seen you at this point what’s the difference now ?” This is where Dawn is manipulative and sneaky. She knew just how drunk Sara was and started encouraging her to go back down completely naked. She said, “they’ll love it, I bet you don’t have the guts you chicken.” Sara is not one to back down from a dare and Dawn knew this. So, Sara just smiled at her and walked out of the bedroom and proceeded down the stairs.
    The party had moved back out to the deck outside where I’m sure all my friends were discussing the peep show that was put on for the last 20 minutes. Sara grabbed a glass of wine a walked out completely naked to the deck to my stunned friends. After a second of silence, they all cheered and laughed. Sara threw her arms in the air as Ellen’s husband Tom snapped a pic of her. Sara casually sat down and smoked a cigarette bare assed in front of everyone and remained naked for all to see for the next hour. Ellen then took another pic of her sitting naked on the deck and said, “this is so you remember in the morning.” When Sara woke up the next morning, she saw a text from Ellen. Remember this? With a full nude pic of her sitting outside. Sara responded, please tell me it was just you and everyone had gone home? Nope, Ellen replied, everyone saw! Sara was humiliated but also a bit turned on by what she did. She was first to tell me what happened when I got home and said, “I think your friends may have some pictures as well.” I was only mad for a second but also thought it was incredibly hot and made love to her right there on the spot.
      The story comes up now and then with our friends and we all laugh about it. Its also a huge turn on know that all my male friends have seen her completely naked and still most likely have the pics to jerk off to. I have several of them and will try to include them with the story.

