“Megatron.”

Megatron’s optics snapped open, and he was moving forward to kneel before fully awake. Prime’s hand on his shoulder stopped him, though Prime likely didn’t know what he was stopping.

“I’m sorry,” Prime said, crouching down. “I didn’t mean to startle you.” Megatron blinked few times, trying to shake off the wildly erotic dreams he had been having. “I also apologize for my earlier behavior. I would like to blame the stress of the situation, but nothing excuses my getting angry with you because I just didn’t like what you had to say.”

Prime rose, went to the energon dispenser, and drew two cubes. “You do have a number of valid points, even if I disagree with your,” he frowned, and handed one cube to Megatron, “way of accomplishing your goals.”

Megatron stared for a moment, incredulous. Optimus Prime was apologizing?

“I’d like to see this through with as little damage to either of us as can be managed. I’d like for you to be free so we can discuss the future of our planet, and really do something about it.” Prime paused, looking at Megatron curiously. “Why aren’t you sneering at me for being soft-sparked and pathetic for apologizing?”

Megatron couldn’t help the smirk, and leaned back, crossing one ankle over the opposite knee. He sipped his energon, and kept his optics on Prime’s, laughing inwardly as his frown deepened.

Prime’s frown turned to a glower. “It’s not like you to play this sort of game.”

Megatron shrugged, optics dropping to Prime’s lips. There was a stray smear of energon. Nothing sloppy, just a drop, and he wanted to lick it off. His mind supplied the images of him standing, leaning in. It would be taking something of a liberty as a slave. It would be presumptuous, but Prime seemed to like kissing.

“Don’t you think we’ve had enough tension for one day?” Prime asked, almost pleading. “Would you please answer me?”

Megatron smiled. “I will now.”

“Because I resorted to begging?” Prime huffed, and dropped into his chair.

“No, because you told me to shut up before you left, and I was compelled to remain silent until given permission to speak again.”

Prime’s optics widened. “Primus! I hate this slave program!” Megatron snorted. “I know. I know, I’m sorry. It’s worse for you, I know that. I really do.” He inhaled to sigh, and stopped, optics shifting to Megatron.

Megatron laughed, and shook his head. “Well, you have to let it out now.”

Prime chuckled, and then finished his energon, reaching for Megatron’s empty cube. It was there, when both their hands were on the cube, that Prime paused. “You’re shaking.” He dispersed the cubes, and reached out to touch Megatron’s shoulder. The trembling was undeniable. “This is my fault. This is because I was angry, and now you’re fighting whatever the coding wants you to do to make me,” he grimaced, “forgive you.”

“Partly,” Megatron said, and fought the lurch of anticipation in his spark. Prime knew he needed it, and Prime was a good master, he wouldn’t deny Megatron this no matter how much he deserved punishment.

Megatron clenched his jaw. Slagging code! It was getting more insidious.

“It’s only been a day. Is it getting worse again?”

“Yes.”

“That doesn’t make sense,” Prime muttered, standing, and holding his hand down to Megatron. He hesitated a moment on their way towards the berth. “Do you need,” he paused, and Megatron almost snickered as Prime’s pale face blushed to embarrassed pink. “Do you need to spike me?”

“A slave submits.”

“Rather cryptic no,” Prime said, but didn’t push the issue.

Megatron lay back, and closed his optics. Prime’s touch was pleasant enough if he could forget why he needed it.

“What if you touch me?” Prime whispered. “Would touching me help? I don’t know if I could control myself as long, but if it helps you?”

It wouldn’t in the long run, but it might help today. Megatron brought his hands up in answer, fingers tracing the edges of Prime’s armor. Prime shuddered as Megatron dipped a finger into a gap, and stroked the wires he found. “Sensitive,” he whispered without meaning to.

“I really don’t do this often. When I do, I don’t let them touch me much. I could hurt the mech I’m with if I lose control,” Prime said, another shudder coursing his frame.

“I’m rather durable,” Megatron said, a wry smile quirking his mouth. He let his hands drift around Prime’s body, touching, caressing, tweaking, and pinching, looking for and finding all the little spots that made him tremble and gasp.

“Primus,” Prime whispered, and bent down, his mouth covering Megatron’s.

The kiss quickly turned demanding and hungry. Megatron’s spark pulsed, and his interface heated. Prime moved over him, and Megatron spread his legs, arching his pelvis up instinctively. Prime was making little sounds in the back of his throat, hips rocking down against Megatron. His mouth moved in a smoldering trail down Megatron’s throat, and his hands seemed to be everywhere at once. Prime’s interface panel opened with a click, and Megatron retracted his as well. He arched up and moaned as Prime’s spike slid in, for once not expecting or bracing for pain.

“Durable?” Prime asked in a whisper, rocking back and forth in a few shallow thrusts. “I don’t want to hurt you, and that is an order. Don’t let me damage you.”

Megatron brought his knees up, and wrapped his legs over the backs of Prime’s. “Yes, Prime.”

The words were barely out of his mouth when Prime’s pace picked up. “And I want your pleasure in this,” he gasped. “I like my partners to enjoy it.” Then he was surging into Megatron hard and fast, little gasping cries punctuating every few thrusts.

Lust swept through Megatron, and he met every driving push of Prime’s hips, adding his own moans whenever a particularly sensitive node was touched. He quickly lost the sense to do anything with his hands but cling to Prime’s shoulders. The charge was building, he was being loud, neck arched back as Prime sucked and bit at his throat.

There was a click and Prime froze above him. Megatron gasped, he was so close, but as Prime leaned up, he pinned his hips to the berth, and Megatron couldn’t rock or arch enough for the contact he needed.

“Megaton,” Prime said, voice low. “Megatron!”

Megatron squirmed, arching his chest up, and trying to pull Prime back down against him. “Slaves are to be completely submissive to their masters,” he snarled, unable to keep the disgust from his voice. Prime didn’t move, just continued to stare down into Megatron’s open chest, his shocked face bathed in spark light. Megatron bucked hard, and managed to move them a little. “I need it,” he ground out, furious, humiliated by that need, but unable to fight it.

Prime stared a moment longer, then shook his head. “No,” he said, and closed Megatron’s chest plates.

Ice shot through Megatron, but Prime burrowed into his neck, biting and thrusting hard and fast. Megatron cried out, on the very edge, and Prime pushed in, held, and rolled his hips around, grinding into him.

Megatron shouted as overload struck. He thrashed, gasping, grasping, reaching with all his being for it. But even in the midst of the overload, he knew something was wrong.

Prime lay atop him for a moment as Megatron calmed, but then instead of flopping in a strutless heap to the side, he rose and went to the washrack. Megatron watched, in confusion, feeling hollow. It was almost as empty as his self-overloads felt.

Prime walked out of the washrack, then out of his rooms entirely, not looking at Megatron at all.

That hollow feeling grew, as did the burning humiliation. He had thought having to bare his spark for use would be the worst thing he faced in Prime’s berth.

But Prime turning him down was even worse.

And his body was still throbbing. He ached. He had overloaded from his master so it shouldn’t still be so strong. Megatron sat up, braced for the rush of transfluid that always made him cringe, and felt… nothing.

Prime hadn’t overloaded.

Megatron felt his face heat in utter shame.

He had been so very wrong. This was worse than baring his spark and being refused.

Megatron shut his panel and lay back down, curling on his side. He hurt in a way he wasn’t familiar with. Perhaps this is what it felt like when one’s degradation was complete?

The whispers began and he didn’t even try to fight them. It was a long time later, hours, when the trembling subsided, and Megatron was finally able to force himself into recharge.

Prime still wasn’t back.