



Fucking English teacher Rani
Posted on June 2, 2007 12:04 PM, Filed under Teacher / Student

Hi I am joemon, this is my experience when I was studying with my English Teacher. I am now 25. During my study days there was an english teacher, her name is rani. She was about 35 then. She was one of the sexiest teachers during that time. She was slim and had very big boobs. While she was taking classes I always had an eye at her blouse when she was wearing saree. I could also see her cleavage.

One day when we were having the school anniversary programmes practice sessions,she was the announcer when I was going on to the stage and when I looked at her she was talking to the madam of the school and I saw her partial boobs clearly hanging. After that incident I went home and masturbated thinking about it. One day during the onam celeberation I was given the duty to go and call some teachers from the auditorium. But when I reached the auditorium there was only rani miss there and said her to go to the ground for watching the 'pulikali' and other events.

She told that she was having a headache wanted me to bring an iodex from the P.T room. When I brought the iodex as she told and she was nowhere to be seen so I was going back when she called me. She was nowhere to be seen. When I looked everywhere she was at the enterance of the hostel and told me to come there.

My tool got erect thinking of it as a chance to have her in the bed. She called me to come with her. She took me to her room and it was at the back of the hostel. She asked me to give the iodex. She told me to stay out. Her door was not fully closed. So I looked through the gap and saw her removing her pallu and I saw her big cleavage.

I asked her if she wanted any help. She told me to come in and I slowly came in and closed the door also slowly and went towards her. She was lying on the back and asked me to rub the iodex on her back and when I did ihad a clean look at her buttocks and slowly rubbed it with my other hand she didnt say a thing.

The tool was very erect. She turned her body face up and told me to rub her tummy without the iodex. I started watching her boobs and put it over the boobs and she didnt say a thing about it. So I put my hand inside it and stil no answer. She removed the blouse for me and told me to do anything. It was infront of me and removed the bra and it came out like a football. I started suckin the nipple and she had very good feeling.

I touched her vargina and removed her dress and she was left with the panty only. I went down and licked her panty and removed it to see her haired pussy. I started licking it very hard and had very good orgasm making loud noise. I took my tool out so as to fuck her. She said "try your best". I inserted my cock into her pussy gently and started fucking her hard. The only words she said where"ammae ayooooo aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh....... ".

I fucked her dog style. I was about to cum and took it out so as it doesnt go inside her. But she took it too her face and masturbated my cock for me and it cummed right on to her face and started licking it and sucking it. After all the sex she told to forget about it. But we still talk about sex and other stuffs till my +2. Also I fucked her 3 times.

