Chapter 13

Life for Joji had slowed down as he was now working with six intelligence officers for the new country. He had the commander, deputy and four division leaders. It was critical he be able to communicate with them from time to time. At least when the gate was open and they could send and receive. For some time they would depend on his observations. But he now had developed a plan to recruit people to serve as spies. 

Information was gold for what they were doing. All six had taken a crash course on the old language and could handle it well now. The sixty days John had allowed before the first return, was just enough to get them trained. One of the first buildings would be there headquarters. It would have its own steel gate out of the castle they were building. Below them would be the prison and interrogation rooms.

Hideki and his new commander got along well, as the man was just not threatening in any way. But he was like a snake and could bite you fast. He just did not care for power and liked the game of information gathering. The ability to add things up was pretty good, not at Jojis level though. It would work there and the man would get better. 

In the final meeting with Hideki and John he was pleased to see Dink sitting there watching him. Well lady I am pleased to see you.

That I am not so sure about Joji. You never came by the house to check on me and just asked William if I was OK?

Here Hideki stepped in. I had him working sixteen hour days and seven days a week. He has trained my six intelligence men over that time from knowing nothing to being very good. That includes speaking the old language. They for sure are not at his level, but they will grow once they get to our destination.

She smiled at Joji and he felt it all the way to his toes. I am sorry Dink. I was just buried and had no way to take time away from men who had to have every bit of knowledge I had.

Look you two if your going to have lovers quarrels then do it someplace else. John just had to get that in. 

Both looked shocked and then it seemed to dawn on them. Neither was complete without the other being around. I apologize John as did not mean to cause any problem. Dink was red faced.

Dink it is no problem. Understand if you two cant see how youre attached to each other I damn well am going to show you. Life would be so much nicer for both of you if you just got married or moved in with each other. For as bright as the two of you are you cant see youre in love? None of the people who work for you could say what I just did, without your coming down on them. Now he had it out.

Joji bowed his head and smiled. I did not know I had been so obvious John. Would you like a job in intelligence?

Now Dink was laughing and she felt free at last. OK boss we will handle our problems. Now lets get this meeting on the road.

They went over everything to happen on the first trip of the two carriers. How the construction would be handled and the power system from the wind turbines. Once they broke for coffee and a snack. 

Joji I want you to come in tomorrow and discuss the intelligence job with me. The whole job has some things you need to know. I will not have you accept something and walk into a windmill you did not expect.

I thank you for being honest with me. But most of what you tell me I am sure will not shock me. You have been studied by me since I was pulled into Hidekis problem in Japan. But I will be here and listen to what you have to say.

The meeting went well after the break and kept going until dinner. They all ate with John and his family before going back to work. It was after ten when they finished up. With the ship sailing at midnight it was none too soon.

Hideki was taken out to the ship by Johns chopper. Dink and Joji went to her home for coffee and talk. The talk was mostly by sign language and the coffee was never made. 

That next morning Joji had breakfast with Debbie, Dink and William. He bummed a ride out to the base and changed there. Then headed into Johns office. 

As he walked into the room David was sitting there as was Carlton. Youre right on time Joji and for someone who had not been told when to come that is a neat trick.

You dont like meetings until after 10 in the mornings. You never schedule any for lunch and just a few for dinner.

That raised eyebrows as none there had seen that before. Very good Joji I am impressed. You did make a study of me.

I did and will never stop doing that. A person who became a friend of mine during my brothers problem said you were the slickest man his Russian friend had ever seen. If you had been Russian he would have never headed the KGB.

Now John was laughing and enjoying just how good Joji really was. Damn you are really good Joji. My Russian friend was one thing to tell you today. How much more do you know?

I know of the war started between China and Russia if that is what youre asking? I have no idea how it was done, but I know it was done.

Then you do know my big secrets Joji. The fact that you know means I am not as good as I thought I was.

I am very good at piecing things together John. Comments made by the Russian with abilities you have here made some things fit for me. No one else had those abilities to see both sides. But when you see a 2 and then another 2, it is going to equal 4 every time. In my job I pick up little pieces or fragments and wait for the next piece to fit into it. Sometimes that will never happen and others it will but in many different ways. You just have to be always looking for that piece or fragment that fits.

That is the Joji I have learned to love John. He filters a ton of crap and comes up with gold nuggets.

That caused some laughter at the table. I still dont see how he got onto the war thing? We kept that covered from even your contact.

No John did not keep it covered from the Russian. It would make no sense to do that. He was placing them into a war with China and they need to know that was what it was fast. So he used the Russian to feed their news media. That way the leaders could not disavow knowledge of the attacks. They had to stand up and take responsibility even without knowing how it happened.

The man gets the gold ring men. He is the very best at adding I have ever seen. Now if you would like generals stars and to run intelligence and technology, that would help me and Carlton and David. I have some very big plans for the technology areas. Carlton hates it and David has no time for it.

I really dont care about the stars. Rank means nothing to me. It is kind of like money and you need just enough to live reasonably. Too much money, rank or anything is just feeding an ego.

John smiled at this comment as he had always felt much the same way. The gold was nothing real to him and he had never seen it before. Being chairman of a corporation was better than President or King of the Islands. How about calling your new company ITI? That stands for intelligence, technology and information. You will become the new chairman of the board for that. Only a few will have any idea of what it is or does. But it gives you access to people in Japan.

That brought a smile to Jojis face. I like that and it would allow me to hire people in Japan and other countries where we might have an interest. But we will need a central product to sell that makes us money. It will provide the cover for my people both to buy and sell.

Set it up to sell LNG and oil as a free market seller in Japan. We limit what they can sell. Then you can trade for metals, composites, electronics, machines and the likes for us. You take what cut a company in Japan would.

Those companies are making killings off of you. You are selling at a low wholesale and buying at retail. I did find out what we are being paid for oil and fuels. It is a good twenty percent below what it is being sold for. So on a million in sales they get $200,000. Then they buy one million and make another $200,000. So you get just 60% of what you should. We could raise that to 90% and finance our entire operation.

It is a pleasure doing business with and honest man. But I want you to take 20% and keep people out in the field picking up information. I will limit the other companies and force them to return higher profits to us. But you need to run a vast organization out there. I want you to buy ships for fuels, LNG and freight. They are to be manned with Japanese Americans as much as possible. That way we can insert people and also recover them as needed.

I assume that is in places we dont have an office?

You get the idea. So hire people of all nationalities and use them in many offices outside Japan. Once you know you can use them successfully go for it. Youre going to need Chinese, Russians, Indians, Koreans and a few others.

This was going to be the largest intelligence organization in the world. How do we communicate John?

We have the codes for every US owned satellite phone service satellite in the world when the collapse came. Our tech people have reprogrammed them for us to use wherever we have people. They are your phone service worldwide. A sat phone is a little larger than a cell phone, but not by much.

I will need to finance them to live for months or years, in places where we are not wanted. So I will have to buy gold, silver coins and other tradable items to make that work.

You know the game, so play it. But you also need to buy ore carriers, as I own mines in South America. They have been poorly serviced over the last two years. I make nothing out of them right now as they have used everything in income to keep their people fed and clothed.

I will get that handled quickly as India and China will also want that product. I am sure only Japan is getting it now.

Your seeing my problems with using just Japanese companies for my needs. They dont think they can lose the contracts they now have. For some reason they feel no one will come in and take over those contracts? I want your shipping company operating off Okinawa and your business in Tokyo.

Then you want to use Naha Port for our ships?

That is my current idea unless you have a reason not to?

No I just need to know who to buy for me to have control of the ships. I will need to buy docks and warehouse facilities there for us. So I will require a contract with the Islands to assure we are looked at seriously. It also must have the Emperor signing off on it. I must have a letter giving us complete authority over ships, docks and warehouses we own, signed by him as well. Expect that land to cost me tens of millions in gold. I will bring our people down from Tokyo to handle security there. But getting it started is not going to be cheap.

My budget is two hundred million is that enough?

No to be honest it is not nearly enough. If I buy the port facilities we need and ships you have said we need we are looking at a couple billion minimum. It could run as high as five billion, depending on the ships we buy and how good a shape they are in. This is no cheap idea we are dealing with.

That raised Davids eyes and shocked Carlton. I agree with Joji on the costs he has given you. Looking the ships it could well be five billion if he gets ships in good shape and well kept up. So be sure you want to spend a lot of gold to set this up. You will need a yard for doing your own repairs also. I would suggest you do that here. David was just flat out with his statement. 

John smiled and shook his head. He slipped Joji an envelope and waited for him to open it. It had a check for ten billion credits in gold inside. Now I hope that is enough to get the company started with?

It lets me buy my offices and not rent them. That long term will save us a lot of money. I prefer buying quality ships and not having to get into major repairs early on. If they do good maintence on the engines, we should get a lot of service before any rebuilds. I would like to get to nuclear power plants in the ships and get away from carbon based fuels. It gives us freedom to travel the world with no fuel problems.

You will find your tech people are building plants like the ones on the carriers. So going that route is no problem when the ships need rebuilding.

I need to know exactly what you want for ships the first year, second and third years. Right now I see 6 offices of ITI. They will be in Tokyo, India, China, Korea and one in South America and on Midway. I dont want to run Midway, I just want a point of contact for information. Then ITI shipping with be just on Okinawa and here. In the first year that is all I want to try to consume.

I assume you see expanding that later?

Oh yes by many fold. We need to be in the Arab world, Russia, the EU and South Africa at least in year two. We should be able to buy oil in the Arab world at very low costs and make good money from it in trade. Our office in India would handle that, as they would be received there well. It also makes it hard for China to ever go after India. They would have become a major oil supplier to China.

Carlton laughed and it broke the table up. Joji youre as dangerous as John is. I always considered him the most dangerous man I knew. But he has someone who is just as good. I am glad we are on your side.

It has nothing to do with us being dangerous, it is stopping those who are. China, Russia and a few others would eat our lunch and spit us out. We dont have the people, land or money to stop them other ways. Yes you could use nuclear weapons, but we also would pay for that with air born radiation. Now Russia and China would not worry about that fact.  

That I think was well said and answers any questions. We protect ourselves and in that way protect a world that has no idea of us? John was standing and they knew this was over.

Joji went to the bank and set up ITIs account. His was the only acceptable signature other than Johns here. Then he headed to the office he had now here, it was at the research facility. He called the construction group and set up for an ITI building to be built at the ports docks. It was a trading company and needed to be where the trade was happening.

The man he was considering for his number two came in to the office. Well what am I doing boss?

Have cards for us printed up Intelligent Technology and Information Company. Use ITI as its logo. Here is the Tokyo address to use. We will be running the shipping for most of the Islands goods, oil and LNG. So we will use satellite phones for most calls. That way no one knows where we are talking from. Pick up the phones here and assign one to you and me. We will need one hundred of them in five days time. Advise the people we will need five hundred of the phones over the next six months.

It was a start for them. Now he needed to talk with Dink.

Once home he sat and drank tea and enjoyed the time. Finally Dink came in and saw him. You should have called me.

I could wait and it gave me time to think some. You do know the intelligence part got robbed from you?

Yes David told me about the meeting today. He also said you told John no thanks when offer General stars. So your Chairman of some new company that is a cover for intelligence operations?

That is pretty close dear lady. I just deposited a ten billion credit check in the bank to fund the company. I will be buying offices, docks, warehouses and ships to handle our business in the world. That means over time many offices over the world. What John wants to do will make the CIA or KGB look small. We will make a lot of money for the company and for the Islands.

Where does that leave us?

I would be very happy to get married. But you will have your job and I will have mine. My job will at first require some travel to get offices set up and buying ships. I must recruit people for many jobs and some for intelligence work. You will get any product that you need to do your job.

This was much different than she had expected. It was really better as he did not work for her. I like the new division of responsibilities and can live with them. You do your job, Ill do mine and we meet inn the middle. But we need to be able to talk about our work with each other. So if that is a problem for you I need to know now?

Unless I am directed not to talk about something, I will be happy to talk with you about it. But it is just between us and not for anyone elses ears. Much of what we discuss of my work places peoples lives in danger. The money side of what is made is Johns business. But we will be dealing with many countries and that could become your business. We will not be well liked for our assumed wealth. But John not allowing people here without his approval, means not many will ever see our real living conditions.

She saw a calm in Joji she had not seen before. Why are you so at peace right now?

Here sitting with you I feel completely at peace with life. It is something I have never felt before. So I believe our relationship will work and grow stronger over time.

She got up and sat on his lap and kissed him. I have never felt this good either Joji so it must be love? That is something I dont know much about?

It was a nice day for both to learn and start to build from. 

John was now setting up the base questions he wished answers for. He also wanted certain listening points set up for future use. In his mind these would see some things coming before they happened. It was a complex concept and one e hoped Joji could make happen?

David walked into the office and sat in front of Johns desk. I hope you have a couple of minutes?

Sure what ca I do for you?

I need to know who Joji will work for? I had originally planned for that to be Dink. But you changed the entire concept of the job here yesterday.

That is something I tend to do often isnt it? I see Jojis job as serving several masters and working directly for none of them. It keeps his independence. His job will be directed by me for my needs and others for theirs. Now I would expect Dink to know a lot about what he is doing for us. But dont ever expect her to tell you or discuss it. She will be what Dana and Kelly is for me. But he will do a lot of things that none of us requested from his people. He is running a business and its job is to make a profit for the Islands. Now is that clear?

Yes just like muddy water. I just dont know what to do with two of you running around on this island? Both of you put Machiavelli to shame. At least when he worked for Dink and I he kept me informed of what he was doing.

On your requests and things that impact you he still will I am sure. But there are lots of things that just are none of your business at least at first. They become your business when it is found that a problem exists. So why worry about what is no problem?

He could see he was just not going to change anything. Ill live with it as you set it up. It is strange to me and I will need to learn to accept it. He stood and left the office.

It was the first time David had shown disagreement with Johns moves since Virginia. So it did make him question if this was right? But down deep he knew it was.

Joji had flown out that afternoon to Japan. He needed to hire the people for ITI and some for Hideki to come for training. It was going to be a long week for him. 

Once in his hotel room the bank manager stopped by and handed Joji an envelope he had. It was the signed letter from the Emperor he needed for the land at the port of Naha. The man was advised of the needs Joji would have and the requirements. It was agreed that people would be ready to interview starting in the morning at eight.

 Kei was ready for dinner with his boss. Having a suite was new to him as were most hotels not in the US. Boss what would you like for dinner tonight? I am sure the cost of food is just as high here as this suite was.

We need the suite if we are both to work tomorrow. You will have to get used to appearing rich and less caring of costs. Our rolls are as wealthy businessmen who are doing very well in bad times. We will always be playing a roll based on where we are, so get used to it Kei. You must fit the roll you play very well or others will see something is just not right. In this game that can get you killed.

Over dinner Joji place the plan for the next day in front of his assistant. It was simple for him as he was looking to hire a shipping manager, scheduling clerks, warehouse manager and several minor jobs. All were to be American born and having a military background. 

Joji had friends coming to discuss setting up his nest of spies in Japan. He would know if a mouse pissed here. Most would never know they were spies as it was a news organization cover. It was normal in those organizations to put their nose into everyones business. It owned a TV station in Tokyo that was still solvent and could be purchased for gold. So paying street people to bring news tips was a good way to use a lot of free eyes and ears. Every office in each prefecture of the country would do this. So the station had 47 of these offices over the country and most had just one or two people working them. They had cut down their staff in Tokyo and squeezed a small profit from the advertising they could get. But the bank John owned would move its advertising to this station and that would help it become stable. 

That next morning Joji after showering enjoyed breakfast. He had an American breakfast as did Kei. Now this is how people should start the morning Kei. Please be sure today not to hire anyone who is not American born. Call in the social security number, name, date of birth, city, state and let the staff check each one out to be sure they are who they say they are. I will see anyone who falsely claims to be American born dead if they lie to us.

I understand boss and will be sure they are the person they represent themselves as. We can sit tonight and review each file I build. There will be all records we can get on them and whatever data the Japanese have on them.

Look really hard for people with ships masters tickets. Even if their ticket is not current that can be fixed. All Navy officers will need to be looked at as they never got a ticket but are well trained in may areas. We are going to have a lot of ships to fill positions on. I want men we can trust completely.

We have a group of captains on shore at home boss.

I have David talking with them for the Midway runs and the ones to the South American mines for John. We will have one master running the ITI port rating department for all ships masters. He will certify them and the officers for all our ships. But running ships today is a high risk business. So we must have security troops on each ship for protection. There are a lot of pirates out there now.

They split up and started their days work. Joji was enjoying the talk with his old friend from his brothers problem. Look the Islands need good intelligence it the world and in return it lets us help Japan. I could care less that the Emperor got laid and who did it. But if we have people looking at things that impact us I am concerned.

The man saw this could benefit them both. If you will provide help on issues we have I will do the same for you. The way I see this is we owe your people a lot, as we are slowly coming back for the brink of disaster. It will never be as it once was, but people are surviving. That is far ahead of where America went. Much of Europe is in the same condition of small local governments some places and no national one.

But we must trade with China and India to keep this part of the world afloat. Korea is also coming back and they now have taken over the north. That area will become a powerhouse of trade one day. But for now they are poor and just starting to rebuild.

I did not know about the North. That is really interesting to us. Are you really sure the North is dead?

Yes and many Generals killed. They have been moving tanks to the steel mills for using the metals. We have seen they are also taking the small Naval boats the North had and scrapping them. There are troops on the boarder with China now. He made a call and talked for a time. OK when you get back to your office some satellite photos will be there for you to look at.

I will assist you in getting the needed space on Okinawa. There were some old US docks and warehouses there and they have never been used since they left. I am sure the prefecture would sell what it really does not own reasonably to you. You are bringing new jobs and that is very valuable since tourist are no longer going there.

That would fit my needs nicely. We will be happy to work out an agreement for labor with the government there. But it becomes the Islands territory after we buy it. No one comes on it without permission from my people. I have the Emperors letter stating that will be a fact.

If he has granted it then there will be no problem at all. Stop by the police station and there will be people to help you. They will take you to the docks and be sure they are secured for you when you leave. No one will go in there until you have your security force take over.

I am going down there in three days. So if they wish to get the paperwork ready and the price is fair I will act quickly. Here is a copy of the Emperors letter for you to send them a copy. But as you say they are selling me something they dont own. That base would most likely use over 500 workers when completed. It will need many construction people to make repairs and replace buildings that cant be repaired. My people who will be living there will be buying from their businesses. So they would do well not to try to rape me. That base could be anyplace I wish it to be. That was said with a cold tone in his voice. It was read by his friend and would be communicated. This was a man you just did not screw with.

The day went well for Joji and he accomplished his tasks in ways that satisfied him fully. That had not been the case for Kei. Boss I need to resign as I am just not making headway. Of the thirty I talked with today I found four that might fit our needs. Not one person really impressed me completely.

That is not unusual Kei. I know your just looking for workers in our transport area. But that will be critical at times. We need good people and ones that we can depend on. I have the port facility for us on Okinawa and we will go see it in three days. Dink will give me 100 troops to use for security there until we can train our own. I have two engineers that will come in and go through each building, warehouse and check each dock. He will give us a plan for making it all usable. It was the old US base there. So it has been some time since it was used.

If I remember right it had a container loading and unloading area and another for fuels. It had a large tank farm for fuel storage. There were ten warehouses and six ships could be docked at the same time. But you had room for twenty to be at anchor out in the area off the docks. But the people really did not like the Americans at all.

Where the hell did all that come from?

I was there once and spent ten days inside the base. It was not a Navy base it was run by the Army.

Was there housing inside the base?

Yes for may be three thousand families. The homes were very large and that used to get under the skin of the people who lived there. Their homes and apartments are very small. So we are going to have to over come a lot of animosity that people will have to our living there.

There will be no animosity now. Our people will be of Japanese decent and speaking the language well. They will be Islanders and not Americans. If they wish for fuel for the airport, the city cars, busses and the local defense force dont piss me off.

The message was loud and clear. I hear you boss and they will I am sure respond to that. I know there are no flights to there from Tokyo. People just cant afford to go there any more.

After their meal they both headed to the large bath downstairs. It was indescribably hot and relaxing. Then both had nice relaxing massages and headed back to the room and some sleep. 

The next two days were hectic and filled with highs and lows. But they did hire the main operations staff for the Okinawa base. Each would get Island passports and be considered Islanders. So that made the deal even nicer. The bank on the base would handle their monthly salaries. Of course it was a branch of Johns Tokyo bank. They had two people down there now checking out the bank building and assuring it could be used. 

They left early that morning and landed at the airport at Naha. The small jet looked lonely with no other craft on the ground. As Joji and Kei got off the plane a van drove up and picked them up. The man reached back and shook hands with them. I am your guide and the negotiator for the base.

Fine lets clear up what you want for the base?

No money at all. We would like 120,000 gallons of jet fuel a year for ten years. It can be delivered at 10,000 gallons a month or all at once. That is your choice. But we need to make some deal with an airline to get flights coming in here again. So free fuel seems like a good bet.

If that does not work I will run one flight a week until it fills up, then 2, 3, 4 and so on until I run one flight each day. It does give my people the ability to travel back and forth to Tokyo. Once ITI makes it popular I am sure other airlines will try to cut in on the profits. Of course I will have Islands aircraft coming in bringing people and taking others back. We need no passport, visa or any document to come or go from Japan. So the people here might want us to run the airport?

This the man gave real consideration to. How much would you charge passengers to fly each way?

We would start with 2500 yen each way. That should get some of the more wealthy people coming down. I have two 777s I would be willing to base here. So I would need hanger space for them. They are ITIs own aircraft. One would fly from Tokyo to here once a week and the other to the Islands as needed. Each would be set up to carry 310 passengers and we would consider carrying some frozen fish to Tokyo for sale there. It would help your fishermen to get some better money for their product.

I will call while your looking the base over and make known your offer. Expect it to be accepted. It fits our needs and you should get the airport, as it is costing us way too much to keep it up. It currently has ten employees.

Look I am an easy man to get along with when treated fairly. But I also am related to the Emperor. My brother was your education minister, Hideki. So if politicians or family screws with me I can be very hard to handle. I dont use words to do that I kick some ass. Do we understand my position? The red face and anger showing made it very clear.

Yes sir I fully understand. But I was warned of your connections and to be sure no one pissed in your beer.

That made Joji laugh. Yes my friend does have a way with words.

The van will drop me here at the front gate house and take you where you want to go. I will have a car come and take me to get the paperwork done once it is approved.

I expect us to be here half the day. There will be a plane coming in with security people on it. It is a C-130 and will have jeeps with machine guns mounted on the back. They are not needed right now, but will be once we get cargo sitting here.

You do know the warehouses are loaded with US military tanks, trucks and all kinds of tracked vehicles. The ammunition is also there for them. It also it your responsibility to get rid of it or use it. He left after that comment.

They walked miles through the warehouses and were shocked at the number of vehicles that were here. The tanks were M1A1s and there were hundreds of Bradleys and Humvees also. It was a load of great armored vehicles and they would get shipped back to the Islands. 

Joji called Dink and she was blown away. You say there are hundreds of these?

Yes and ammunition for them also. There must be five hundred Humvees here. Plus there are trucks of which I will keep some here for hauling goods. In about two hours it is all ours signed sealed and delivered. So I will need to get some ships to start sending this home. I will bring in an auto carrier and load it with these to send to the Islands. I will containerize the ammunition and that way you have it divided into types.

Well love your just full of surprises and ones I really like. I will be waiting at the airport for you later tonight.

They went to the police station and were met by several men. It was very formal and they treated Joji with great respect. All in Japan were used to deferring to powerful people, but this was much different. They respected him and did not just defer to him. 

I have the agreements here for you to read Joji.

What is in them?

Just what you said you would do. It does include your running the airport and maintaining it. That lease is good for 100 years on the airport. The old US base and docks are your property. It is titled to ITI for good. All buildings, junk and land belong to ITI. You agree to hire general labor for the base from our population. If they commit any act against your laws they must be tried under Island laws on your base. People will be clearly warned about that before they are hired. That was required by our national Intelligence group.

I see questions and Ill give you an answer. This base will be shipping goods to many countries. It is possible that ITI could be seen as a part of Japans government and attempts to spy here used. Our laws say a spy is killed and it happens fast. Your laws say they get 5 to 10 years and then come out and do it all over again. So ours ends the problem and yours just keeps it happening. Now for most people who do something wrong they will be fired and never allowed back on the base. You will find we are the best paying employer on the island. We will have no layoffs and will keep all our people working a 40 to 48 hour week. None will be on salary and they will get paid for every hour worked. But if your not employed on the base your not allowed on it. Our medical staff will treat all workers and families for free.

They after the signing went to the airport and the C-130 came rolling in. 100 security force troops came off and unloaded two Jeeps. Two trucks came down the ramp and the men loaded on them and the Jeeps. The officer was given the directions to the base and they headed off. A group of men were still unloading the cargo for the camp.

By the time the small jet was ready to roll the trucks were back to load up the supplies. They were out of the airport fast and headed home. 
