Why is it when we love someone we always do the wrong things, say the wrong things? When love is in front of us, why do we have to strain ourselves to look further ahead and ignore the person right in front of us? We always say we are trying. We always find fault in someone else rather than ourselves. It's always something else, someone else. Why can't we just listen for once? We talk. Yes, we hear the words the other is saying, but do we listen? Do we hear, do we understand? They say that love speaks in so many voices, in so many languages, and in so many ways, but if you hear it and you are in love, you will always understand. A simple touch, a smile, a look, a kiss… words maybe foreign but it conveys the right feeling, though it may sound foreign to the ears, it sounds just right.

I love you that is a given. You can look inside my heart and you know you are there. But why is it so difficult to reach you? To have you so close, that no matter how hard I try, my love cannot reach you, cannot touch you... cannot consume you. That you will turn away and ignore me. That everything that is not going your way is not important to you. Like me. You could turn a blind eye and look at me, but not see me. I am talking to you, but the words seems foreign to you, or that you've turned deaf and couldn't hear what I have to say, or couldn't understand the words I'm telling you.

No matter how I try, my love can never reach you. Because no matter how hard I try, you will constantly move away from me. You will constantly be deaf, blind and mute when it comes to my feelings for you.

So, I guess, I give up. This is it. I will just dwell on my feelings for you. For all I know, no matter what I do; I know my love can never reach you.

Soft. That was the first thing that registered into Shuichi's mind as his hand touched the fluffy comforter. Moaning, he stretched before opening his eyes, running his hand on the cool, soft fabric of the comforter on top of him. Someone used to tuck him in or put a blanket over him. But he can't remember his name for some reason.

There was a man sleeping by his bedside. Shuichi could see his face; clean cut hair framed his face. A handsome guy with aristocratic features, like some modern day Greek God, Adonis. He couldn't resist. So he reached out and touched his head. The figure moved. Shuichi was curious to see the color of his eyes. It's as wonderful as his handsome features. Blue as the tranquil sea.

Frederic stirred from his slumber and felt a hand touched his head. "Shindou, you're awake. How are you feeling?" he asked in French.

To Shuichi, it was a wonderful baritone as the words slid out of his red lips. He was mesmerized. Who is this guy? Where is he? And… who is he?

"W-Who are you?" Shuichi asked his voice hoarse from his deep sleep, uttering words in his native tongue.

Frederic saw the confusion in his eyes. The doctor told them this would happen. That Shuichi might lose his memory temporarily. Shuichi was lucky that it was only a mild concussion after hitting his head. He looked at Yuki helplessly, not understanding a single word Shuichi said. Yuki had just walked in the room with some tea. He almost dropped the tray when Shuichi asked Frederic who he is. Yuki's face was white from fear.

When Yuki ran away, Shuichi dropped in on Frederic unexpectedly to ask for help finding Yuki. Shuichi saw the book that Frederic had gotten from his backpack. It's the most precious one of all because in it were pictures of him and Yuki when they got back together again in Paris. But when he tried to take it back and confront the Frenchman about it, they struggled; Frederic didn't want to give it back. Shuichi lost his balance, slipped and hit his head on the marble table. Frederic stood there for a moment, staring at the pink-haired man slumped on the floor with blood gushing from his ear.

He was in a coma for three days. It took a lot of will power from Yuki not to kill his best friend. Frederic said it was an accident. But for Yuki, he was only trying to find someone else to blame. After a week of brooding, he got back only to find that his wife was in the hospital. They both watched over him. Each man carried a different kind of guilt to what happened. Shuichi was never left alone even in his comatose state.

Yuki's emotions were wired taut. He blamed himself for Shuichi's accident; if he hadn't left things wouldn't be this way. Frederic took the tray from his shaking hands, and sat on the sofa away from the bed to give them some privacy. He wanted to leave them alone but somehow he thought that he might be needed, so he stayed.

Yuki approached the bed. Brushing the pink hair away from the bandage on his head. "Brat. It's alright. I'm here now," Yuki said, trying so hard not to cry.

Shuichi was confused, and he brushed the hand away. He didn't know this man and he was acting so familiar with him. He didn't realize that the mere gesture almost shattered the blond, his better half.

A tear fell from Yuki's eye. "It's me, Yuki. Eiri Yuki. Your husband. We had a fight, and I left. You are in Paris. You followed me here. You had an accident and hit your head. That man over there is my childhood friend, Frederic. He is French and we're both Japanese." Yuki explained. He needed to keep on talking. He needed to keep himself busy, his mind busy to keep the hurt from shattering him.

Shuichi studied the man in front of him. He is very handsome. More handsome than the other man. His voice sent thrills that made him feel all gooey inside. His touch brought heat inside his chest. His husband? He asked himself, "He's gay?" He was so confused.

Shuichi looked away. "Leave me alone. I'm tired," he said, not knowing how to deal with the situation. Yuki nodded. He got some pictures from the night table and put it by his hand.

"This might help," Yuki said, touching his arm lightly. He wanted to linger a little longer but he didn't want to rush Shuichi.

Shuichi looked at the photographs the blond man gave him. There was a picture of Hiro, Suguru, K and Tohma. There was a picture of him and Ryuichi. There were pictures also of his friends from Paris. And yes, him and Frederic. But the rest, were of him and Yuki. Of their wedding in San Francisco, Japan and here in Paris. Pictures of just him and Yuki. He felt a tug at his heart when he saw how close they were. And why the man called himself his husband. He was married to him. Shuichi stole a glance at him; he was sitting on the window sill. He was smoking a cigarette, a halo of smoke around his head. When Yuki glanced back at Shuichi, he had a sad smile on his face. Shuichi felt his heart stopped. He looked away, sighed. and put the pictures down.

Frederic approached him with some food. "I thought you might be hungry. " Qu'est-ce que vous voulez?" looking at Yuki to interpret. (What would you like?)

Yuki was about to explain when Shuichi answered in his perfect French that surprised them both.

"Je voudrais un snack." (I would like a snack.) So, his memory loss is not in general but only a portion.

Frederic laughed, "Magnifique!" (Magnificent.)

"Pouvez-vous me faire un sandwich?" Shuichi asked, smiling at him. (Can you make me a sandwich?)

"Oui, pas de probleme." Frederic replied, rushing to the kitchen to do just that. (Yes, no problem.)

Yuki sat back down on the windowsill. His energy felt drained out of him. Shuichi was talking to Frederic while he ignored him. He guessed that he deserved it. For always leaving him behind whenever they had a misunderstanding. Shuichi looked at him, and then he let out a sigh. He was afraid of that man who called himself Yuki. Afraid of what emotions stirred inside of him every time he looked at him.

Shuichi ignored Yuki for the rest of the day. The only time Yuki interacted with him was when he was needed to interpret what Frederic said. But he almost panicked when nighttime came. Frederic bid them good night and left them alone.

Yuki gathered the comforter around him. Not saying anything and trying as much as possible not to touch him. Yuki made sure he was comfortable and didn't need anything else. He got the pillows from the closet and put them on the pull out bed next to Shuichi's. So, that's where he had been sleeping all along. Shuichi thought he was sleeping beside him.

"If you need anything, or need to go to the bathroom, let me know," Yuki said, softly, looking at him. He resisted the urge to take him in his arms and kiss him over and over.

Shuichi nodded. "Arigato Yuki san," he said, smiling a little. (Thank you)

That stabbed at Yuki even more. Like he was a stranger and not the person he had shared many years with. He nodded, trying to catch his breath when he felt the lump in his throat. He wanted to cry but he knew it wouldn't do any good now. When he thought that Shuichi was asleep, he got up quietly. Yuki walked to the bar, got himself a stiff drink and lit a cigarette. He walked to the windowsill and watched Shuichi sleep.

Then the tears came, hard. Yuki felt so alone now. He used to have Shuichi there with him. Used to have his love. Everything he did was wrong. Leaving was wrong. Escaping was wrong. Now when he was about to face his fears, this happened. He thought now that all is lost, even if Shuichi gets his memory back, it wouldn't mean that he would love him all over again like before. It wouldn't mean they could go back to what they were before.

Shuichi heard him crying. He wanted to open his eyes and see. He felt a knot forming at his heart hearing those quiet sobs from that man. He had a feeling that this man never do that often, that he was the only one who sees him when he is this vulnerable.

Shuichi heard glass break and sat up, trying to get accustomed to the dim light. He saw Yuki trying to pick up the broken pieces of glass. He got up and tried to help him.

"Don't touch it, you will cut yourself!" he warned, but Yuki was already bleeding before he could get up.

"Stay in bed!" Yuki growled. That stopped him half way. Yuki saw the look on his face. "I- I'm alright. I can take care of this. You shouldn't move around too much, you're not well yet," Yuki said more gently this time.

Shuichi nodded and got back in bed. He watched Yuki disposed off the shards of glass and put a bandage on his cut. His face was still damp from the tears. He sat up.

"Are you okay?" Shuichi asked as he watched him walked back to his pull out bed. He saw now that the bed is too small for Yuki, so it must be uncomfortable for him to sleep there with his legs dangling half out of the bed.

"Hai. Sorry for yelling at you. There was broken glass all over the floor; I didn't want you to hurt yourself," Yuki said, smiling a little.

Shuichi patted the space next to him. "You can sleep on the other side, Yuki. The bed is big," he said, dropping the formal address. He was hoping that Yuki didn't notice it. But the older man did and him caught by surprise.

"It's okay. Thank you, but I would bleed all over the sheets," he said, wanting to but held himself back.

"Come here," Shuichi persisted, reaching a hand out to him.

Yuki broke down losing his composure. He went to those open arms, not caring anymore if Shuichi slapped him or not. He just wanted to feel him again, to fill up the void inside of him. But the younger one hugged him back.

"There, there now," he said patting blond tresses. "I'm sorry if I'm a little distant, but this is kinda confusing to me. I have a feeling that you are special to me. Just give me time to get used to you again. To remember you. You're already in my heart, Yuki. Just give me time to awaken those feelings again."

Yuki cried harder. That's what he was waiting for all along since he got back. He was planning to beg and plead to take him back. But everything was happening too fast. When he came back, Frederic said that Shuichi had an accident when they had an argument and he somehow pushed Shuichi away, slipped and hit his head. So he had to wait for his chance to express himself. When Shuichi woke up everything changed.

"J-Just let me stay like this for a little while. I promise I would just hold you. Just let me hold you, brat," he said emotions thick in his voice.

Shuichi urged him to get in bed beside him. "You can hold me all you want, just get in bed with me," he said smiling.

Yuki laid down beside him. In the month that they had been away from each other, in those days that they had been avoiding each other, this would be the first time they would share a bed. Yuki laid there and just reached out to touch his arm carefully. He almost started crying again when Shuichi moved and laid his head on his shoulder and held him.

All the pain disappeared lifted from his chest. When Yuki slept that night, it was for the first time in a month, he slept so peacefully. Shuichi watched him sleep. He looked so young when he sleeps; the scowl disappears from his face. Shuichi touched his face gently to his. Yes, he said to himself. It's possible he could fall in love with this face. There's a different feeling inside of him whenever he's with Yuki and when he talks to Frederic. And with that thought of falling for the same man all over again, Shuichi Shindou Uesugi fell asleep in his husband's arms.

Author's note: This is an update of Breathing Lessons. Please forgive me for the use of too many French or Japanese words, as you can see the story demands it. I hope you enjoy the update as much as I enjoy writing it. If you are not into BL or yaoi, please pass on by. This is a gay fiction, so if you don't like that stuff, just ignore this and read a different one. I hope my grammar and tenses has improved in my constant practice. Looking forward to hearing your comments on this update. Thank you so much for reading.