Nude Beach and a Nude... Mall?
By ohmss

Chapter 3

Continuing public lewdness.

Here's where we are so far! Fiona and I had just exited the nude mall and we were getting food at the patio/nude beach area. Through shenanigans earlier in the day, I had lost my shorts and underwear and so I was only wearing a t-shirt and sandals. My bottom half including my cock and ass were out for all to see, but it wasn't a big deal given the relaxed regulations at the mall/beach that were designed to actually encourage sexual expression.

Fiona was wearing the most interesting bikini I had ever seen. The top was literally just strings. The fabric that should go over the breasts was just not there so her ample boobs were just hanging out with string material "framing" them. The only additional part of the top were the two matching pasties over each nipple.

The bottoms (if one could call them that) was a normal-ish bikini bottom, but it also was only the string material and none of the fabric. In front the strings arched over Fiona's hip and as it got to her pubic area, there was simply a cut-out where the fabric would normally be. Her pubic hair and her whole vagina was completely in the open.

While waiting in line for tacos at an outdoor taco cart on the boardwalk, Fiona and I got bored waiting for food and we had sex in public amongst the other patrons eagerly awaiting their delicious tacos. Once we came and then got our food, we realized we had misplaced our money! The mall/beach security personnel promptly showed up to deal with our accidental crime.

The taller of the two guards was male. He wore a high-visibility yellow vest with the malls logo and 'security' spelled out clearly in bold letters. No shirt underneath, just the vest. Bellow he had on a speedo but it was pretty small. Probably too small for the size of his male parts. The tiny speedo had the biggest bulge you'd ever seen. Around his waist was his belt containing all the gadgets he might need including a note pad, flash light and Taser.

The shorter guard was an African-American woman I estimated to be in her late thirties. She had the same-colored vest as her male counterpart, but her vest was completely open in front. She hadn't bothered to zip it up so the front halves just rested at her sides. She had a little bit of belly but nothing extreme. In fact it was barely noticeable due to the size of her breasts. They might have been the largest boobs I've ever seen in my life. Gravity was having its way with them, sure, but they were a force to be reckoned with. Even Fiona's eyes got wide at the sight of them. The female guard also the same utility belt as the man, but neglected completely to bother wearing anything down below. She was completely bottomless and even sported a completely smooth and bare pussy.

"You two are in trouble," the male guard said, "Not paying for food is a crime." He seemed a little bit on the dense side as he stated the obvious.

The female guard rolled her eyes at her counterparts blunt assessment. "You two got any priors?" she asked half-assedly while pointing a ball point pen at us.

"Uh, no." Fiona said, gulping the last bite of the taco we couldn't afford, "We've never broken the law once!"

"That don't make it right, missy." The male guard countered. I swear he was starting to sound dumber the more he spoke. "You break the law, you gotta pay."

"Oh for crying out loud, Floyd," the female guard groaned, obviously sick and tired of the buffoon she had to work alongside, "I can't believe the FBI never called you back for an interview."

Fiona and I snickered as Floyd grew more and more cross. He finally just crossed his arms, no doubt trying to think of a witty comeback.

"Listen, sugar," the female guard said, "This ain't the most glamorous job in the world, but we gotta have standards, ya feel me? If you can't pay you'll just have to work off what you owe at one of the shops around here. Shouldn't be more than a few hours."

"So, we just work off our debt?" I asked, "Seems easy enough."

"Yeah it's a real hoot," the female guard said with the most amount of sarcasm in her voice I had ever heard. "Come on you two. Let's find you some work."

"Yeah!" Floyd said, pointing at us with a flashlight even though it was midafternoon outdoors and there was no need to even have one. "You heard Lucinda! Move it, prisoners!"

Lucinda shook her head so hard her large bare breasts jiggled left and right. "Dammit, Floyd, they ain't prisoners. Stop trying to boss everyone around. I got half a mind to knock you out cold by titty-slapping you with my jugs." A few mall/beach patrons chuckled at her remark.

"What?" Floyd, scratching his head, "Why would you hit me with a milk jug, Lucinda? They is the ones that been stealing, not me!" Lucinda just exhaled a long sigh as the four of us made our way through the crowd and back indoors to the main mall area.

Once inside again, Lucinda began pointing out all the shops that had a "work off your debt" policy. There was a decent variety to choose from. In fact, I had thought it might actually be kinda fun to work a low-level mall job for a little while.

One of the places that qualified was a burger joint in the food court. Out in front was seating for patrons. In one of the seats there was a pair of couples. The guys were sat on the chairs with their pants down around their ankles while their girlfriends sat on their laps with their skirts hiked up so they could bounce up and down on their boyfriends' cocks while they ate their food. One of the burger joint's employees came out to the table to ask if they needed anything in addition to their meals. The four mall goers replied politely that they were good and the employee went to another table.

The burger joint employee was a young woman probably only eighteen. She was Asian and had long dark hair that was coiled up in a bun under her visor which bore the logo of the chain restaurant. Her shirt was bright red and yellow, also with the logo. It came down right below her naval. Below her shirt she had a short apron that was tied in the back. It was only a few inches in length, only big enough for a small notepad in its pocket. She turned around and bent over to wipe down a table and I could see that the apron was the only thing she wore on the bottom. She had a small but firm-looking ass.

She finished her task and turned to tend to another patron. An older man was motioning for her assistance. The waitress smiled politely and came over to see what he needed. The guy's wife was leaned over and was giving her husband a blow job in the booth and the man was asking the girl nicely for some napkins so that he could catch the inevitable mess that would soon arrive. The waitress happily obliged and pulled some napkins from the neighboring booth. The husband soon finished into his wife's mouth and she sat up with cum all over her face. The waitress handed her the napkins and the couple thanked her for assistance as the wife began to clean up her husband's semen from her face.

Shortly after witnessing the fellatio, another burger joint employee approached the first girl. Apparently it was the end of the Asian girl's shift and time for her to go home. Her fellow employee had come to relieve her. The new employee was dark-skinned Hispanic girl probably about the same age but fairly short, probably no more than five foot even. She was dressed the same as her friend with the red and yellow hat and shirt and her hair done up in a bun. Also like her friend she was bottomless and had a very wide and protruding ass. Her cheeks shook thunderously as she walked.

"I hope you enjoy the rest of your day, Marjorie." The Hispanic girl said. The Asian girl thanked her and took off her apron to reveal that her small pussy was completely clean-shaven. She handed the apron to her friend, but quickly saw that her Hispanic friend had quite the bush.

"Hey Ana?" Marjorie said, "You won't be able to clock in like that. Since we handle food, you'll have to shave your pubic hair before your shift."

"Oh dammit," Ana replied, "I totally forgot."

"No worries! Come with me to the restroom and I'll help you shave it real quick. It'll go a lot faster with my help." The two bottomless young women turned and darted off to a restroom together.

As Marjorie and Ana left to shave Ana's pubic hair, I saw another female employee of the burger joint clock out from behind the counter to go on her break. Her manager told her sternly that it was only a ten minute break, no longer. The employee dismissively acknowledged her boss and left from behind the counter to sit on one of the benches near the water fountain.

This employee was probably around twenty-five or so. She was Caucasian and had short blond hair. As she sat down on the bench she removed her apron and put in her purse. Like the other burger joint employees she was bottomless as well. She relaxed back into the bench and pulled out her phone. As we passed closer I could overhear moaning noises coming from it. She was watching porn on her break.

At a certain point, the blond and bottomless burger joint employee must have gotten turned on by what she was seeing and began rubbing her shaved pussy. Even that seemed not be enough to quell her growing desires and she reached into her purse and pulled out a medium-sized black dildo. Completely in public, she spread her legs and began inserting the dildo into her vagina. Her moans of ecstasy rose as she thrust the toy in and out of herself while watching the porn on her phone.

Eventually, the bottomless blonde came and she removed the dildo. Her wet juices oozed out and onto the bench she was sitting on. She grabbed wipes from her purse and wiped down both her toy and the seat she'd been using. She tossed the wipes nonchalantly into a nearby garbage bin, put her apron back on, and then walked back to the burger joint counter to clock back in. One of her co-workers asked her if she had a good orgasm and she nodded affirmative.

Next to the burger joint was a coffee shop. I don't want to say what it was but let's just say that the workers had green aprons on. The female employees were all very well-endowed and as we got closer I was able to catch more details.

Not only were the female employees all topless, but most of them also appeared pregnant. Their bare breasts were engorged in that way that pregnant mothers get. Their aprons came up to just below the breasts and tied at the back. As some of the women turned around I could see that some women wore only the apron and some wore pants or skirts.

A gentleman came up to the counter and ordered a coffee with extra cream from a tall and very pale barista with gigantic jugs. After pouring his coffee she set the cup on the counter in front of her and put both hands and her left breast. She squeezed her milk out and into the cup until it changed color to a light creamy tan. The man smiled and paid for his drink and left. The barista went back to work with some milk still dripping from her nipples.

Another barista came out to the seating area while some customers enjoyed their coffee. She was black and also certainly pregnant. She had on the apron underneath her breasts but had chosen to forego any other clothing items aside from her hair net and her hat. She approached a table of about four people and asked, "Who ordered the extra shot of milk?"

One of the male patrons raised his hand and the barista smiled and walked over to him. She stood close enough to the seated patron that her breasts were right in his face. He smiled and promptly began drinking from her nipple for a few minutes. I looked at the barista and saw that she had her eyes closed a bit, kind of enjoying the man sucking on her swollen boobs.

At one of the tall tables there were two female patrons having a chat over their coffee. One was leaned over the table with her elbows on it while the other laughed and took a sip of her drink. The one leaning over the table wore a short blue dress. Her boyfriend came over and lifted her dress up and pulled her panties down in front of everyone to expose her bare ass and pussy. The woman in the blue dress didn't even flinch, she just continued talking to her friend as her boyfriend pulled his shorts down and put his dick slowly inside her. He continued railing her from behind as the conversation between the two women went on.

I also noticed that while there was quite a line of customers waiting to get coffee, everyone was in great spirits. I assumed it was probably the fact that there were about 3 or 4 baristas offering blow jobs and hand jobs to customers waiting in line. One barista was even on her knees with a male customer's dick between her tits and she used her curvaceous breasts to jerk him off. One of the baristas had just finished performing oral sex and went back behind the register to take more drink orders with cum still on her face and bare chest.

"That looks easy enough for me," Fiona finally said.

"Good," Lucinda the security guard finally said, "About time you picked one. Go over there and tell 'em I sent ya. They'll probably have you work for a good two hours."

"Alright," Fiona said, resigned to her punishment, "See ya, James. Meet you back out front in two hours."

"You got it," I replied as she sauntered off to speak with the manager of the coffee shop. Now I had to pick a place. I scanned for potential temporary employment. I wasn't keen on anything involving food but if there weren't any options then I'd have to settle.

I looked across from the food court area and spied a cell phone repair shop. Looked easy enough and I had experience working with many models of phones. I asked Lucinda if I could work there and she nodded and made a notation on her notepad. Floyd just glared at me with daggers in his eyes as I approached the shop.

As I entered I saw the manager right away. She was tall Scandinavian woman in her forties. She had on a smart grey business jacket and under that a plain white pleated blouse. Down below she wore only a string thong but it was color coded to the grey jacket. I explained the situation and she asked if I had any previous experience, which I did.

"Great!" she said, "By the way I'm Greta. You and Emil can work on this stack of phones that need new batteries." I thanked her and she returned to her duties.

As I worked I looked up at the waiting area to see that Greta was more or less doing double duty by both being the onsite manager and also taking over greeting duties. She had a warm smile ready for every customer that came in.

The repair policy they advertised made it a popular place indeed. If you had to return your device to the store for any reason (under warranty) you were given a free blow job or hand job while you waited for a free replacement. In the waiting room, there were a couple other female employees dressed just like Greta (business suit up top with matching string-only thong) who were performing their tasks. One was on her knees in front of a seated woman and was very faithfully and thoroughly eating her hairy pussy. Another was sat down in a waiting chair next to an older gentleman who had his pants down around his ankles. The female employee massaged his soft penis until it became harder. The man was not very well-endowed; in fact it was a very small member, but the female employee made no disparaging remarks about his size and rather just stroked his cock until he came.

After an hour or so the work started to slow down. Almost no customers remained in the store even though there was at least two hours until closing time. Greta came over to the workbench to see how I had done.

"Very efficient, James!" She praised. "You got those done faster than expected."

Thanks, Greta." I replied, "Nothing to it, really."

"Well I am very grateful. In fact, if you're okay with it I have a proposition for you if you want to clock out early."

"Sure," I answered.

"Security informed me that you couldn't pay for your tacos outside and that's why you had to work off your debt. A friend of mine was waiting in line when it happened. She told me something that security left out of their report; that you and your lady friend had just got done fucking in front of everyone." Greta chuckled, clearly amused by the news.

"Heh, yeah." I said, "Well, she never tried it in public so I thought 'why not?' ya know?"

"Why not indeed?" Greta replied, "I love hearing stories like that. This side of town is great. Even where I'm from in Europe people aren't so free with their bodies. Being here is so... hot. You know?"

"Yeah I know what you mean."

"Makes me so horny. Like ALL the time. So listen, here's the deal; I can see that you've got a little bit of a package down there. Not too shabby. I want to ride your cock while I make calls at the reception desk."

"Wow, um, ok." I stammered.

"Is that a good deal? After we cum you can leave early."

"Yeah, sounds good to me."

"Great," Greta replied. "Sit down at the desk." I obliged and she knelt down in front of me. She began stroking my cock and then soon after put her mouth around it. I began to get very hard.

"Mmmhmmm," Greta said as she took a brief pause, "I think I can taste your lady friend on you." She continued to suck my soul out through my dick. It was a very nice blow job. Once she was satisfied with my harness, she stopped.

Greta pulled her thong to the side to reveal a very clean-shaven pussy. She mounted me from the front and slide down on top of my dick, moaning as she did so. She bounced up and down as a call came in through the desk phone. Greta put it on speaker and answered.

"Hello," she said, sighing, "Yeah were on track. Mmmhmmm. Yeah I can look that up in a bit, just give me a minute, boss. Yeah I'm getting a customer's cock inside me right now. Ok bye bye."

Greta hung up and unbuttoned her blouse. She left it on but freed her boobs from their prison. She rubbed her tits in my face as she continued to ride me.

"James, I need you to suck on my nipples. Super hard." I responded by performing what she asked and putting her bountiful nipples in my mouth and sucking as hard as I could. She cried out in pleasure as I did.

"Greta, I'm going to cum soon."

"Okay great. I'm there now. Ahhhhhhhh!" she climaxed and shook with satisfaction on my cock. "Okay, James, cum on my face."

Greta dismounted and knelt down. I stood up and held my throbbing dick in my hand as my third load of semen blasted out onto her pale face. Greta licked up what her tongue could reach but left the rest of the mess on her face.

"Nice job, James." She said, "You earned your early punch-out."

"Thanks!" I replied, "Not a bad way to speed up the clock."

"Yes, indeed. Have a great evening. I'm going to wear you on my face until I get home. Maybe that'll bring in more customers!"

I laughed and we parted ways. I left the shop and began to look around for something to occupy my time while Fiona continued working her shift at the coffee shop with green aprons. I wondered if any more crazy shenanigans were yet to be in store.

