AUNT SARITA, ME AND NEIGHBOURS 

By Jeevan 

We, my Aunt Sarita, my cousin Meena and me had great threesome in May 1972. After that first night my Aunt and cousin seemed to get addicted to my cock and we used to engage in sex anytime we got the chance. 
I did my post graduation and soon I got a nice job in Mumbai. I had to look for some accommodation to stay. Fortunately my Uncle, Meena's father offered to accommodate me. So I went to stay with them. Meena was my maternal cousin and her mother Anuradha was my mother's sister, elder than Aunt Sarita. She was 38 yr. old and very social. 
Their house was not much big, as in Mumbai, accommodation is difficult and hell of costly. They had 4 rooms. One bed room for the parents, one for Meena and Raju, one kitchen and a Hall. I used to sleep in the hall. Meena was always after me for quick sex whenever we got opportunity, which was rare. 
My Aunt Sarita too lived in Mumbai but away from aunt Anuradha; s house. It so happened that Sarita's Husband had to go out of station for some office work and she requested me to come over to stay with her to keep her company during his absence. I at once agreed. Meena was a bit disappointed since she could accompany me there and would miss the quickies we had in her house. Aunt told her that she might come to her house for the weekend to enjoy the sex. 
So I went to stay with my Aunt Sarita. I had to go to office from 900 to 17 hrs and use to come home at 1800. The 2 kids use to sleep at 2200 hrs and then we had some time to enjoy. On the first day after taking the dinner the kids were watching TV and I had to go for piss. I went to the bathroom and saw Aunts panties lying in the washings. I took it and sniffed. It smelt of her pussy juice and little piss. I got turned on and my cock started to grow. As you all know it is difficult to piss from an erect cock, so I was just standing there to wait for it to soften. I heard knock on the door and it was Aunt Sarita. I opened the door and she saw me with my hard cock in one hand and her panties in the other. She laughed and told me," Sunil why are you sniffing the stale panties when you can smell the fountain. I want to pee so u can smell it after that." Saying so she pushed her gown and squatted and released her stream. Sssssss it flew to floor. I sat down to watch it coming out of her pussy and put my hand to feel its force. It was real warm and felt great. She got up removed her gown and asked me to piss. I tried but I could not piss from hard cock. She understood the problem and came to my help. She put her pussy to my mouth and asked me to clean all the piss from it. I smelled it and it was nice smell and started licking it from her pussy. She started moving her hips and pushing her cunt on my face. I pushed my tongue in her cunt and licked her sour cunt juice. The sourness was wonderful. She knew that I could piss only after coming and she was trying to make me come for this. She now took my cock in her mouth and started to deep throat me. She could suck it with the movement of throat muscles and it felt wonderful. She put a finger in my ass and started to fuck my ass with it. This was too much and I pushed my hips fast, fucking her mouth, and soon I came directly in her throat and she gulped down my come greedily. Some of it was spilling from her mouth and on her boobs. She rubbed it all over her boobs and then urged me to piss on her body and lay on the floor. I started to piss on her body aiming it from her mouth and towards her pussy. Finally I made it steady on her clit and she started to shudder with delight. I was controlling the piss and tried to last it longer. Suddenly she squatted down and put her mouth to my pissing cock and allowed the stream to enter her mouth, and hell! She started to drink it! I got excited watching her like this. I was no piss addict and neither was my Aunt. But it really thrilled both of us to do this. She then started to spread all the piss on her body and massaged her boobs with it and put her mouth on her nipples to suck it from it. She embraced me and rubbed her piss-covered body over mine. Oh it was ssoo nice. We both took a nice shower and came out of the bathroom. 
In the night after the kids slept, Aunt told me that their neighbor, a widow named Rati and her son Anand were coming to us to play Rummy. I was disappointed because I was too eager to put my cock in Aunts cunt but I kept mum. They arrived at 2130 and we sat to play rummy. Rati was about 36 yr. and her son Anand was 19 yr. I was sitting between Aunt and Rati. The game went on nicely and I won 50 rupees from Rati and Aunt lost 30 rupees to Anand. Suddenly Rati asked me if I would like to play a party game they used to play. I consented. The one who gets lowest card will lose one clothing, outermost, from the body. I was stunned and looked at my Aunt. She winked at me and said that Rati and her son are very broadminded and it will be just a game and no more. We started the game and Anand got lowest card and Aunt highest. He removed the shirt. Then Aunt got lowest and Rati highest. Aunt was wearing only the gown and just a bra inside, no panties. She removed the gown with little hesitation. Now she was only in her bra and we could see her dark bush easily. She sat down with her legs folded. This made her thighs spread and we could see her cunt lips peeking from her bush. Next again Satish lost. He removed his shorts and since he was not wearing anything below his shorts his cock sprang to view. 
It was semi erect and about 4 inch long. I was surprised that he was not shy at all 
for this. He too sat down. Thus we all lost our clothing's soon. We all stopped playing the game and were all excited with looking at each other. Rati had nice heave boobs, 40D, wide solid ass, long slit and her belly was white and slightly bulging. Satish's cock was hard and was 6 inch long; he had curly hair all around his cock. I saw Aunt staring at it with lust. Aunt said that my cock was the longest and that Satish won't be able to do anything with that 6 inches. With this Satish got up and caught my Aunt," You want to see what I cant do with this Auntie. I will fuck your ass with this and make you beg for it." He caught Aunt and made her bend on all four, climbed and tried to insert his cock in her dark ass hole. Aunt Sarita begged him to stop but he continued his assault. Rati and me were watching this while playing with each other's private parts. Now he spat on his cock and put some of it on Aunts ass hole and inserted the cockhead into the ass. It entered and Aunt made purring sound and pushed her ass back to take it in. Rati was excited to see her son mount my Aunt and encouraged him,' ooohhh son fuck her ass and make her your bitch, spank her ass cheeks while you fuck, let me hear her cry come on fuckk her." This encouraged him and he began to spank my Aunt with his palm. This really hurt her and she cried," Oh Rati don't make him spank me I will take his cock in my ass and do whatever you tell me oh please." I looked at Rati and she got up and went near my Aunt's face with her legs wide open and her slit near Aunt's mouth." Lick my hole Sarita. This will make you happy and you can enjoy my son fucking your ass. Lick the slit baby lick my clit lick my ass Oohhh so god. I was now really excited watching this orgy and got behind Rati with my cock buried between her ass cheeks. Take my 9 inch cock you slut, I will tear it apart and make you cry as my Aunt is doing. you want to watch your son fuck don't you? Now take it up your ass slut." I did not put any spit on my cock and placing it on her ass hole pushed it in with one thrust. Only my cockhead entered and her ass was very tight. She cried with pain and begged me to stop dry fucking her ass. I told her to get below Aunt Sarita and lick her pussy and her son's cock going into the ass of my Aunt while fuck her ass with my Aunt licking her pussy. It was nice, we four fucking and sucking! My Aunt pushed her tongue out to lick Rati's pussy and spat on it to make her ass wet with saliva. She also sucked my cock to make it all wet. I pushed it in Rati's ass very hard and it entered it in one stroke. OOOHH GOD! Rati cried. Pushing her tongue in my Aunts cunt. I started to fuck Rati's ass with slow strokes giving my Aunt time to lick all my cock while coming and going into Rati's ass. Anand was fucking my Aunt vigorously and was getting licked by his mother at the same time. He could not hold his come, his body jerked and he came in my Aunts ass. My Aunt came too with the feeling of hot come in her ass and Rati swallowed her cunt juice greedily. Rati and me had not come yet but very eager to do so. So I got up pulling Rati with me and made her kneel like a bitch and I fucked her ass vigorously. Aunt Sarita presented her ass, full of come, for Rati to lick. Rati like bitch in heat pushed her tongue in Sarita's ass and started to suck all the come deposited by her son out. Rati's ass started to twitch and I sensed that she was coming, I could stand it no more and came in Rati's ass, depositing my hot come in it. I pulled my cock out of Rati's ass and the come started to ooze out. Satish came up and fixed his mouth to his mother's ass and started to drink my come out. He saw my cock glistening with come and took it in his mouth to clean it. I never expected this from Satish but saw that he loved cleaning my cock. We all lay together really exhausted. 
Aunt told me that she and Rati were good friends and she had told her about the wonders of my 9-inch cock. Satish never fucked his mother but did fuck Aunt Sarita few times before while his mother watched and licked Sarita's pussy at the same time. This was my first foursome and I really enjoyed it. We could have fucked for sometime more but had to get some sleep, as we had to go for duty next day. 
Comments are welcome from all male/ female readers. This is a true story of my incest and foursome. I feel its ok to fuck anybody as long as both love it. Now my Aunt is no more and I really miss her so any females who want to become my Aunt are welcome. Write to me your comments good or bad to Jeevan at jeevan80@yahoo.com 
 