I AM a Boy. Well ….
by Vanessa Evans

Before you read this part I strongly suggest that you read the earlier parts. They will give you the background that will make this part a lot more enjoyable. 

Part 05

The next morning was a bit chilly so I put a dress on and went and helped mum get the breakfast ready. 

We sat eating breakfast and discussing what we were going to do that day. Mum and dad managed to talk Alex into going for a walk along the coast with them, but there was no way that I was going to do that. In the end mum and dad agreed to leave me behind as long as I promised to keep some clothes on. Dad reminded me that they’d deny knowing about me wandering around naked.


Just as we were finishing cleaning up dad said,

“Sam, do you know what we forgot to do last night?” Dad asked.

“No, what, hey, yes I know, you forgot to shave me.”

“And you forgot to remind me Sam, so it’s half your fault.”

“Okay then, so when are you going to shave me?”

“How about right here and now. You don’t mind being shaved out in front of the tents do you?”

“No, it will save getting bits of stubble and shaving cream all over a towel. I’m sure that the grass won’t mind.”

“Yes, then you can go and have a shower and clean your teeth.”

“Yes dad.”

So dad got his shaving gear and told me to get ready. Get ready, all I had to do was take my dress off which I did and threw it into my tent. I stood there, feet apart, stretched my arms up in the air and said,

“Oh what a beautiful morning.”

With my arms still up in the air, I looked all round. It was still a bit early for most people but Ginger was getting out of his tent. He saw me and stopped dead in his tracks. After a few seconds he said good morning then wandered off towards the toilet block.


The grass was a bit cold on my back as I lay down and spread my legs. As dad got to work with his razor, Alex came out of our tent and watched. After a minute or so dad said,

“Alex, you need to know how to do this, I can just about guarantee that one day you’ll need to do it so you might as well learn while we’re here. Tomorrow you can shave your sister and I’ll supervise.”

“Okay dad.” Alex said.

“Okay dad.” I said, hoping that my brother’s hand will be as steady as dad’s is.

I looked over to mum who laughed then said,

“I’m glad that I got all mine permanently removed, I don’t know that I’d trust a teenage boy to shave mine off.”

“Mum, that’s gross.” Alex said.

“No it isn’t son.” Dad replied.  

 
Ginger returned just in time to see me with my legs up in the air, spread wide and dad shaving all around my butt hole. Ginger just stopped and stared until dad finished and slapped my butt to let me know that he’d finished.

I got up, smiled at Ginger and went and got my wash bag and towel.

“Sod these bloody clothes.” I thought and went to the showers naked.

I nearly went into the men’s showers again, but remembered just in time. As the girly smell hit me I wondered if I should just go into the men’s showers the next time.


“Remember to put that chair inside the tent and zip them both up if you go out Sam.” Mum said as her, dad and Alex set off.

“And try to keep some clothes on.” Dad added.

“Yeah right.” I thought as I sat there wondering what I was going to do. It was still early, probably too early for the swimming pool or for Theo to be wandering about. I decided that it was a good time to inspect my pussy in detail so I went to get mum’s mirror and I sat there, perched on the front of the chair, and stretching the skin all around my pussy.

The inevitable happened and I started rubbing my little clit. It was exciting bringing myself off out there in the open and knowing that anyone could walk by and see me. I looked over to Ginger’s tent. Both him and his girlfriend were sat eating their breakfast and staring at me.

I wished that my chair was facing them. My fingers moved faster.

After I’d cum I just sat there, still perched on the front of the chair with legs spread, my head back and enjoying the morning sun.


“Hi.” I heard a woman’s voice say.

I opened my eyes and saw Ginger’s girlfriend stood beside me.

“I, we, couldn’t help hearing that your parents and brother have gone out for the day and left you on your own, we were wondering if you’d like to spend some time with us, we’re planning on spending the day on the beach and wondered if you’d like to come with us.”

As she was talking I realised that I hadn’t tried to cover my pussy or tits, I wanted her to see me close up. Was I starting to fancy girls? 

When I looked up at her I saw that her eyes were looking way below my eyes.

“I err, thank you for the invite but I promised a new friend that I’d meet up with him this morning.”

“Okay, not a problem. But if you change your mind you’ll find us on the beach. Maybe you could bring your friend with you. Anyway, it’s an open invite. Maybe you could come and have a drink with us sometime. I’m Alison and my boyfriend is James by the way.”

“I’m Sam; nice to meet you Alison. Thank you the offer, maybe some other time.”

“Nice to see you too Sam. It’s nice to meet a young girl who isn’t so shy. Not many about these days.”

“Maybe it’s because I grew up as a b .. in a family who aren’t prudes.”

“Yes, maybe.”


With that Alison turned and walked back to their tent.

“Got to be careful what I say.” I thought as I watched Alison walk away.


Just then a man walked passed with his dog. He stopped and stared at me for a few seconds then walked on.


I decided that I’d go and look for Theo. Then I had to decide if I was going to stay naked or put something on. I really thought about going as I was, naked, but in the end I decided to put on the same ‘bikini’ that I’d worn the previous day.

Ten minutes later I zipped up the tents and walked off. I waved at Alison and James who were just about to leave their tent. Alison was wearing a thong bikini too. I noticed that her tits were bigger than mine, but there again, she’s much older than me.


I wandered around all the entertainment facilities looking for Theo, then went around them again but I couldn’t find him so I went back to my tent.


I got a chair out and sat wondering what to do and after a while I had the idea of going to the beach. Maybe I could meet up with Alison and James or maybe I could wander around in the dunes and maybe see some people doing what Theo and I did. That could be fun.

Then I had the problem of what to wear. Being a girl does have it’s problems. I solved the problem by deciding to go naked. Remembering what mum had said, I went and got the suntan lotion and covered myself in it. My pussy got special treatment and I made myself cum standing outside mum and dads tent. I had to lean against the chair to stop myself falling over.

Picking up a towel and throwing it over my shoulder I set off. As I walked through the campsite no one really took any notice of me and I again thought about my bald pussy (thank you dad) and how much younger it makes me look. I decided that I’d take mum up of her offer of getting rid of the hair permanently as soon as she’d let me.


As I went through the gate onto the beach I looked at the dunes where Theo and I had gone then down to the beach. The beach looked inviting so that’s where I went.

There were a few families and couples there and again no one really took any notice of me. I walked right to the end of the beach (about half a mile) then turned and walked back. When I got to where the dunes started I headed inland and found a path going through the dunes sort of parallel to the beach.

I’d got about half way back to the campsite when I saw a couple of men looking in the same direction. As I got closer I saw 3 more, all obviously looking at the same thing.

The path went into a bit of a dip where I could see what the men were looking at and I was surprised to see a man and a woman, both naked and the man was fucking the woman doggy style.

I stopped and watched as well.

After a couple of minutes I realised that it was Ginger - James and Alison. 

“Wow,” I thought, “and they invited me to join them on the beach. Missed out there didn’t I?”

After a couple of minutes I heard Alison orgasm and realised that my right hand had wandered to my pussy and was rubbing away.


James stopped thrusting into Alison then stood up and pulled Alison to her feet. They both looked at their audience and Alison did a little curtsey.

“I guess that I’m going to have to learn that.” I thought as Alison saw me.

She stared for a second then waved at me indicating that she wanted me to go over to her, so I did.

We all said ‘hi’ then Alison asked me how long I’d been watching.

“I saw James fucking you doggy style if that’s what you mean.”

“Yes it was, did you enjoy watching us Sam?”

“Yeah, I guess so.”

“It made you horny didn’t it.”

“Yeah.”

“I know that your brother fucked you last night, would you have liked to be watched while you got fucked?”

“Yeah.”

“Yes, I like being watched. It really turns me on. We’ve been coming to this campsite for the last 4 years and come here everyday.”

“So do you let any of the men watching you fuck you Alison?”

“Sometimes, and if a girl watched us James sometimes fucks her.”

“Do you want to fuck me James?”

“Hell yes.” James replied, “Every man for 20 miles wants to fuck you Sam.”

“How many is that, I don’t want to get too sore.” 

“Bloody hell Sam, how many men have you fucked?”

“Well, there’s Alex, my brother, my dad, and my 2 best mates, Luke and Harry; so only 4.”

“And how old are you Sam?” James asked.

“12, 13 in a couple of weeks.”

“So how do you want me to fuck you Sam?”

“I don’t know many positions but I like it when the man lays on his back and I bounce up and down on his cock.”

“I like that way too.” Said Alison.

“So if I get down on my back will you give me a blowjob to get me hard then ride me until I cum?”

“Hell yeah.”

“Aren’t you worried about our little audience Sam?”

“They can come and play with my tits as they watch if they like.”

“Wow Sam, I wish that I was like you when I was your age.” Alison said as she waved for our audience to come a bit closer.


It didn’t take much to get James’ cock hard. His cock was about the same size as my dad’s when I lowered myself down on to it. 

Alison didn’t let the men touch me but she straddled James’ face and lowered her pussy onto his mouth while she played with my tits.

It was great, both of them must have had lots of practice and really know how to please a girl. I came 3 times.


After we were all done Alison told the men that the show was over and the 3 of us just lay there soaking up the sun.


Eventually, James said,

“Sam, you are an amazing young lady, beautiful, slim, shaved, and with a great attitude to your body. The world needs more young girls like you.”

“Thank you James.” 

I replied, and wondered what he’d say if he’d seen me a few months before. I lay there thinking about how my life had changed, and how lucky I was to be a girl.

“So, James, Alison, you 2 come here each day and put on a show for anyone who cares to watch do you?”

“Yes, why Sam?” Alison asked, “Are you thinking about joining us?”

“Yeah, unless it’s raining. Would you mind?”

“Not at all, but would your parents have anything to say about it?” Alison asked.

“I ain’t going to tell them. They keep telling me to keep my clothes on but I’m sure that they know that I don’t. I don’t think that they actually care.”

“Oh, I’m sure that they want you to be happy Sam. They don’t sound like parents who don’t care.”

“Yeah you’re probably right. They do care about me. If they didn’t they wouldn’t have let me change to a g………  err, buy me a whole load of new clothes. And mum’s getting me a whole load of new clothes for school as well.”

“I’m sure that you’re right Sam, just be careful. We don’t want to be the cause of any trouble.” 

“You won’t.”


We stayed there in the dunes for quite a while, all 3 of us as naked as the day we were born. Quite a few men came wandering by and James said that they were probably hoping that we’d put on another show for them. 

Actually, I did, my right hand got a bit busy once when a man stopped on the path and watched us for a bit.


When James and Alison said that they were going back to the campsite I went with them. They both put swimsuits on but I didn’t. I couldn’t because I didn’t have one with me.


When we went through the gate onto the campsite I split from them saying that I was going to look for my new friend and I looked all around the entertainment places but I didn’t find Theo.


When I got back to our tents mum, dad and Alex were back. Mum asked me if I’d gone out like that (naked) and when I nodded my head she said,

“Sam, you really are going to get into trouble one day.”


That night we all went to the pub - again, it was karaoke night and it was painful listening to some of the people sing - if you could call it that. Thankfully no one in our family got up and embarrassed themselves.

For me it was a boring night and I spent most of the time laying back on my chair. Dad kept telling me to close my legs.


Alex wasn’t at all hesitant when we went to bed. After I got back from the shower block I found our sleeping bags zipped together and Alex waiting with a hard-on. He fucked me until we’d both cum before we went to sleep.


The next morning mum and dad told Alex and I that they hoped that we didn’t have any plans for the day as we were all going to the local town for a look around.

“Great,” I thought, “one boring day coming up.”

“Oh, that could be interesting.” I said.

“Are you going to shave me first?” I asked.

“I’m going to supervise Alex shaving you.” Dad replied.

I was a little concerned. I knew that Alex wouldn’t deliberately cut me but he hadn’t even started shaving his face so his first shaving experience would be shaving my pussy.

Fortunately, dad is a good teacher and I survived with no blood drawn, and a smooth pussy.

I saw James and Alison watching at one point and the man walking his dog.

I went and had a shower, put a dress on then we all piled into the car for the short drive. 


The town that we went to is a seaside town complete with everything that all seaside towns seem to have to entertain the visitors.

We spent about an hour in the amusement arcades losing dad’s money. One of them had a pinball machine which Alex and I had a go on while mum and dad went for a walk on the little pier.

Alex told me that I had a little audience as I played on the pinball machine. There was a box for kids to stand on so that they could get high enough to see what they were doing and I stood on it even though I could probably have managed without it.

The thing was, I was leaning forwards and my dress was riding up over my butt. Now I didn’t care about that and I guess that the couple of teenage boys that Alex told me were looking were quite happy about it too.


For lunch we went to a Fish and Chip shop and then all sat on a bench eating and watching a little fishing boat come in and start unloading their catch. It must have been over a year since we’d had Fish and Chips and I really enjoyed them.


In the afternoon we wandered around the souvenir shops and I got bored. I started bending over to look at something whenever an unknown man was behind me. Each time that I stood up I’d look at the man’s face. It was fun seeing the different expressions. One poor man looked like his head was going to exploded.

It’s fun being a girl.


When we got back to the campsite I waved at Alison and James who were cooking their tea.


Half way through another boring night at the bar I asked mum if I could go to bed early, telling her that I was tired and had a bit of a headache.

I hurried back to my tent and got my washing things and went to the gents shower room. Yes, the gents, I wanted to try to embarrass or surprise some men.

I didn’t get to do either because no one came in. At least Alex gave me a bit of fun that night.  


The next day mum and dad went off walking again. Alex didn’t shave me until after they’d gone and when Alison saw what we were doing she brought James over and they both watched as Alex did his stuff; including bringing me off once.

After that, Alex went off looking for his new mates and I decided to go to the swimming pool for a while, telling Alison that I may just go looking for them later.


I decided to go to the pool without any sort of swimsuit hoping that Theo would be there, or some other male who I could have some fun with.


Theo was there.

“I’m glad that you’re here Theo.” I said, “I missed you.”

“Lost your bikini again Sam?”

“Nah, I couldn’t be bothered with it, too many bits of string that needed tying.”    

“You could have worn something more substantial and stretchy.”

“I haven’t got anything like that, I don’t have many girl’s clothes yet.” I replied just before I bombed into the pool next to Theo.

Theo was looking a bit puzzled when I surfaced in front of him.

“What do you mean ‘haven’t got many girl’s clothes yet’ Sam?”

“Oh nothing really, mum used to buy me trousers and shorts a lot but she’s decided to let me wear skirts and dresses now.”

“Oh right.”


Theo and I messed about in the pool for an hour or so and we got a couple of complaints from adults for splashing them or their kids. Nothing was said about me not wearing a swimsuit.

Then Theo said that he had to go, something about going somewhere with his parents.

I lay on a lounger for a while and considered playing with my pussy for a while but I chicken out so I got up and set off back to my tent carrying my towel in one hand. I wandered around the reception area and the little amusements arcade but the few people who were there just ignored me. 


I headed off back to my tent, at least I could lay on my sleeping bag dreaming and playing with my pussy.


At lunchtime Alex returned and made a sandwich for us both.

“So what are you doing this afternoon bro?” I asked.

“A few of us are going to play footy on the beach.”

“Can I come?”

“Not unless you put some clothes on. I don’t want my little sister distracting us from the game.”

“Okay then.”

I put on a very short skirt (the only type that I’ve got), a tank top and my trainers and when we were ready we set off to meet-up with Alex’s new friends. A couple of them complained to Alex about him bringing a little girl along but Alex laughed it off saying that I was probably better at football that they were.

“Well I don’t want her on my side.” One of the teenage boys said.

“Your loss.” Alex replied as they all split into 2 teams.


It was his loss because they were all rubbish and I was running rings around them. We’d been playing for about 30 minutes when one of the losers tackled me hard. I went flying and landed badly on the side of my right foot.

I must have been giving them quite a show as I sat on the sand touching my angle and yelping in pain, but that wasn’t what I was thinking about.

I tried to get to my feet but I couldn’t put any weight on my ankle and I went down again. Of course all the teenage boys were medical experts and were offering their opinions but in the end they all agreed that I needed some professional help.

One of them had actually had some first-aid training and together with one other, they decided to carry me to the campsite’s reception and ask for a doctor or an ambulance.

They got on their knees either side of me and joined their arms to form a sort of chair for me to sit on and then Alex lifted me onto the ‘chair’. Of course, all that time my skirt was too high up me to cover my butt and pussy so all the boys were getting a good look at my pussy but at that time it was the last thing on my mind.

With my arms around their shoulders and my bare butt on their arms the 2 teenage boys carried me off the beach and up to reception. 

The old guy who was manning reception told us that they had a first-aid room but their wasn’t a first-aider available at that time. He added that he knew that there was a proper nurse camping there at that time.

He told the 2 boys to take me to the first-aid room and that he’d send someone to see if the nurse was on site at that time.


It took about 10 minutes for anyone to join us, and during that time the boys were whispering and looking over to me. I was sat on a chair with my damaged foot up on another chair and my skirt still up around my waist.

The door opened and in walked Alison.


“Someone’s had an accident,” Alison started to say, “Oh, hi Sam, judging by the way that you’re sat I guess that it’s you.”

“Are you a nurse Alison?” I asked.

“Yep, what have you been up to Sam? No don’t go boys, we might need you to carry Sam to her tent or to an ambulance. Can you lift her up onto the examination couch please; and then can you undress her please? I think that I’d better giver her a full examination to make sure that she hasn’t broken anything else.” 


I looked up at Alison (who was grinning), then at the teenage boys. Both had open mouths and their eye lids were open wide as they could be.

“Come on guys, she’s only a little girl. Haven’t you got a little sister?”

The 2 boys looked at each other then came over to me.

“Can you lift your arms up please Sam?” One of them asked.

I did, and my top was soon being lifted over my head and off leaving me just wearing my skirt and trainers.

“Jake, can you go round behind her, put your arms under her shoulders then lift her up. Sam, you stand on your good leg and I’ll slide your skirt down.”

They did, and my skirt was soon on the floor around my left foot.

“Right, you hang on to her top and you come round her front and put your arms round her knees and lift her up. …. No, you’ll have to lift her legs either side of you. When she’s up we’ll carry her over to the couch thing and put her down.”

The boy whose arms were under my shoulders lifted, and in the process, his hands went onto my tits. The other boy put his arms round the back of my knees and spread my knees so that he was in between them.

I was clumsily carried over to the couch and plonked down on it with me desperately trying to make sure that nothing touched my right ankle.

“Can you take her trainers off please guys?”

They both came and stood at my feet and the boy at my left foot had my trainer off in seconds.

“Take it slow, it hurts like hell.” I said to the boy at my right foot.

By that time my right ankle and part of my foot was quite swollen and I was wincing and saying,

“Ow, ow, ow.”

As he slowly eased my trainer off.

When it was off and resting on the couch Alison said,

“Thank you boys, don’t go yet, we still might need your services.”


The 2 boys were still stood at my feet and looking up between my legs as Alison said,

“Right, better look at that ankle first.”

Alison rolled-up a towel and lifted my calf. She brought my leg down leaving my knees well apart. As my calf rested on the towel she looked closely at my ankle then asked me to move my foot. It hurt like hell but I did manage to move it a little bit.

“Good, good Sam; I don’t think that you’ve broken anything. I have a spray back in my tent that will ease the pain so that you can walk on it. Can you 2 boys look after Sam while I’m gone, maybe check-out the rest of her to make sure that she has no other injuries?”  

“Err yeah, I guess that we could do that.”

With that Alison was gone and 1 of the 2 boys moved round to my side.

I just lay there, silently wondering if they were going to take advantage of the situation that Alison had put me in.


“I guess that we should feel you all over to see if anything hurts.” The boy now stood at my side said.

With that his hands went straight to my tits.

“Can’t waste an opportunity, even if it is a little girl. After all, she’s got some tits; not very big tits but the definitely feel like tits.” 

“And her pussy sure looks like a girl’s pussy. Let me see what it feels like.”

“Of course it looks like a pussy, it IS a pussy.” I replied.

The boy’s hand went straight to my pussy and a finger went straight inside me. I moaned.

“She responds like an older girl, and she’s so wet!”

“Her nipples are rock hard as well.”

“Have we got time to fuck her?”

“Pull her down to the end of the couch and you fuck her cunt while I fuck her mouth. With a bit of luck we’ll be done before that nurse gets back.”


And they did, made me cum as well. I managed to swallow most of the boy who was fucking my mouth’s cum, but some landed on my face when he pulled out a bit too soon.

The blob of cum was still on my cheek when Alison returned.

“No Sam, don’t try to get off the couch yet, I need to treat your ankle. Boys, you shouldn’t have let her try to get half off the table. Can you pull her back up please? Did you find any more injuries?”

“No.” One of the boys replied.


After the boys had pulled me back up the table Alison came and stood beside me.

“What’s this on your cheek Sam?”

Thinking quick, I replied,

“One of them pressed too hard on my stomach and some spit came out of my mouth and landed on my cheek.”

“It doesn’t look like spit to me but if it is you won’t mind me putting it back in your mouth Sam.”

Alison used a finger to scoop the cum up and my mouth opened to accept it. As soon as her finger was inside my mouth it closed and I sucked the finger clean as I looked up to Alison’s smiling face.


“Right Sam, this spray is used by sportsmen and will bring almost instant relief. Can one of you boys come round here and hold her leg up and over the side of the couch, I don’t want any of the spray landing on the couch.”

My right leg was pulled sideways spreading my pussy wide. Alison looked at my pussy and the boy’s cum that was starting to leak out. Looking up to my face she gave me a knowing smile.


I winced as the cold spray hit my ankle and as the spray continued my ankle started to hurt less.

Alison stopped spraying and within a couple of minutes my ankle was much better. 


“Wow Alison, that spray is magic, my ankle doesn’t hurt any more.”

“Sit up and move it around Sam.” Alison said.

The boy let go of my leg and I sat up, hiding my pussy for the first time for ages. I lifted my right leg and looked at my ankle as I slowly tried to move my foot.

It still hurt a little bit but it was only a little bit. 

“Try standing on it Sam.” Alison said.

I slid off the couch, letting all my weight be taken by my left leg. Putting my left arm onto Alison’s outstretched arm, I slowly put my right foot to the floor and transferred my weight to it. It still hurt, but only a little bit and I could put all my weight on it.

“That stuff is amazing Alison, thank you so much, and thank you guys for carrying me here and taking care of me. You did a great job distracting me from the pain.”

“Are you coming back to the footy game?” One of the boys asked.

“I think that I’ll go back to my tent and take it easy for a while, just in case it starts hurting again. Can you tell Alex please?”  

“Yeah, sure.” One boy said as they both left.


“So did the boys ‘examine’ you in a nice way?” Alison asked.

“You mean, did they fuck me? Yes they did. Thank you for that Alison.”

“Well you didn’t come to find us in the sand dunes so I thought that you’d appreciate it.”

“I did. I think that I need to sprain my ankle more often.”

“Put your clothes on Sam. I’ll go and tell reception that the problem has gone away then I’ll walk you back to your tent.”

“Thank you Alison.”


Mum and dad beat Alex back to our tents and mum insisted on checking my ankle. 

“Still not wearing any knickers.” She said as she couldn’t help seeing up my short skirt as she inspected my ankle.

“Didn’t bring any mum, I couldn’t see the point.”

“Okay, but be careful, I don’t want you to get into any trouble.”

“I won’t mum.” I replied, but thought,

“It won’t be trouble, it will be fun.”


That night was another boring night at the bar but I did catch a few men looking up my skirt as I sat like a boy with my knees wide open, and Alex made me happy in the sleeping bag.  


The next morning my ankle was as good as new and dad shaved me in full view of Alison and James who were smiling as they stared at me.

“Do you thing that our neighbours are enjoying the show?” Dad asked me.

“Probably, but it isn’t anything that they haven’t seen before dad.”

“You told me about Alison fixing your ankle yesterday and I guess that she must have seen up your skirt, but when did her boyfriend see you without your clothes on?”

“He’s seen me here, naked most mornings like now, and evenings too dad. Oh, and he saw me naked down on the beach, I stopped and had a chat with them.”

“Okay, but you be careful Sam, we’re not always around to help you.”

“Dad, I’m a tough kid and I can run fast too.”

“Yeah, okay Sam. Oh, we forgot to tell you and Alex, we’re going to the zoo today so after you’ve had a shower you’d better put some clothes on. Okay sweetheart.”

“Bloody hell dad, you’ve never called me that before.”

“Well, you weren’t a girl before where you?”

“Yeah, okay, but don’t go all mushy on me, I’m still getting used to this girly thing.”

Dad was just finishing off shaving me and he gave my little clit a rub and got me all excited before pulling me to my feet and slapping my bare butt.

“Go shower kiddo, we want to get to the zoo before the crowds do, and if you see your brother tell him to get a move on.”

“Yes dad.”


I grabbed a towel and my soap and went to the showers. I went into the men’s showers and saw Alex inspecting his zits. 

“What are you doing in here Sam? You should be in the ladies, especially as you haven’t got any clothes on and look like a girl.”

“Well it wasn’t a boy that was in your sleeping bag last night was it Alex?”

I replied, causing a man that was shaving his face to turn and stare at me.

“We’re going to the zoo bro so dad wants us back at the tent quick.”


Just as I was about to go into one of the shower cubicles, Theo came out of another cubicle and said,

“Hi Sam, so you’re off to the zoo today, have a nice day. Oh, and your brother is right, you do look like a girl.”

“Ha, thanks Theo, maybe see you in the swimming pool tomorrow morning. Maybe we could go down to the sand dunes and have a bit of fun.”

“That sounds fun, seeya Sam.”


The day at the zoo was fun, I like animals, and I’m sure that a few people saw my pussy whenever I bent over or when I went on some of the amusement rides.


The next day was our last day camping and mum and dad wanted to go walking. Of course Alex and I didn’t mind.  

It was Alex that shaved my pussy after mum and dad had left for one last, short walk along the coast. Alex took the opportunity to make me cum while Alison and James watched. I asked him to fuck me out on the grass but he wouldn’t, saying that it was too public for him.

I called him a wimp and dared him to fuck me out there but he still wouldn’t.


As it was our last day there, and the weather was okay, I decided that I wasn’t going to wear any clothes until mum and dad got back and I walked to the swimming pool just carrying a towel.

Theo wasn’t there so I lay on a lounger and waited. A man arrived with a couple of young kids and got in the pool. I watched him as he watched me in between messing about with his kids. 

I slowly spread my legs to let him have a good look at my pussy and I was just about to start rubbing it when Theo turned up. He had a plastic football with him so we messed about in the pool for a while before deciding that it was time to go to the beach.

Theo wanted to take his ball back to his tent so we walked to his tent before heading to the beach. I was hoping that his parents would be there and see me all naked but they were out, but I did get seen by a few people and one woman muttered something and held her hands over her little boy’s eyes as we passed them. Both Theo and I had a little laugh.


In the dunes I didn’t waste any time getting Theo’s shorts off and giving him a blowjob. It didn’t take him long to get hard again and he wanted to fuck me while I was on my hands and knees. As he was fucking me I looked around and saw an old man’s head peering over a dune. I wondered if he was wanking.


Theo made me cum but when he’d cum again I told him that he’d have to lick my pussy and make me cum with his tongue. He’s not as good at that as Dad or even Alex but it was still good.


Afterwards we went looking for Alison and James, I was hoping to get fucked by James, but we couldn’t find them so we went back to the campsite. We came across Alex and some of his new mates kicking a ball around and asked if we could join them.

Both the guys who had helped me when my ankle got hurt and when they saw the naked me they were keen to let me join in. I said that Theo had to play as well so they agreed.

Unfortunately, or fortunately, the football game turned in to almost one continuous rugby scrum with me at the bottom getting groped and finger fucked. On one point I managed to look between the legs and arms on top of me and saw Alex and Theo. Theo looked totally bemused and Alex had a big grin on his face.

I got so close to cumming a couple of times but each time someone pushed too far into me or pulled on my little clit too much and the pain killed-of any pleasure that was building up.


When they finally got off me for the last time I saw that Theo had gone. Alex was still grinning. Most of the guys decided that they were hungry so we all split up and Alex and I went back to our tents.

We’d just got ourselves a sandwich when mum and dad returned and told us to start taking the tents down.

When the car was packed mum asked me if I was going to put any clothes on for the drive home.

“I can’t mum, all my clothes are in my bag which is somewhere under that lot.” I said pointing to the back of the car.


The journey home was fun as Alex took advantage of my nudity to play with my tits and pussy as we drove along. At one point I announced that I was tired and asked Alex if I could lay on his lap. I managed to get his cock out and suck it while he talked to mum and dad.



The next day I put a dress on and went looking for Luke and Henry. When I found them Luke immediately said that we were going to the wood where they both fucked me and I gave them blowjobs.


Afterwards, as we lay on the grass staring up at the sky and the odd plane that was leaving a white trail across the sky, Henry asked,

“So Sam which do you prefer being, a boy or a girl?”

I didn’t need to think for long.

“Sorry guys, but I prefer being a girl. Okay, I have to put up with having periods but they ain’t that bad and they’re only for a couple of days a month; but girls have so much more fun. 

“Maybe you’ll change your mind when you have to start getting all fashion conscious?” Luke said.

“Maybe, but I don’t intend to be told what to wear, wearing what those stupid, self appointed ‘fashion police’ say that I should. I like these short skirts and practical tops. You know, a girl can be in a very public place wearing just a thin, very short, almost see-through dress and nothing else, and look very smart. Men can’t do that.”

“I like you wearing those types of clothes too Sam. I can see you nipples and pussy when you wear them. Please don’t ever start sitting like a girl and crossing your legs all the time.” Luke said.

“What about school? You’ll have to wear the uniform.” Henry said.

“Yeah, but the rules aren’t that strict.” I replied, “Black skirt or trousers and a white blouse. As far as I know they don’t say anything about how long the skirt has to be, or whether or not bras and knickers have to be worn.”

“They might change them when they see you next week Sam.” Luke said, “assuming that you haven’t got any underwear or longer skirts yet.”

“Nope, and I don’t intend to.” I replied. “And that’s another thing, boys clothes are so thick and heavy and restrictive. Okay, girls can wear boys type clothes as well, and look like a boy, but girls can get away with wearing next to nothing and feel almost naked all the time; that’s exciting, it makes me horny.”

“Maybe that’s because you’ve worn boys clothes for so long.” Luke said.

“Maybe that’s why a lot of girls look as though they’re daydreaming all the time. Maybe they’re horny and thinking about being fucked.” Henry said.  

“Maybe,” I replied, “the other thing is that lots of men stare at girls and when they stare at me I think that they’re imagining me being naked. That doesn’t happen the other way around does it?”

“Not that I know of.” Luke said.

“But girls have to shave their pussies every day.” Henry said.

“No they don’t, they don’t HAVE to, they choose to. Mum says that being bald down there and not wearing knickers is healthier. My doctor said the same when I went to see him to get the pill.”

“You mean when he made you cum?”

“Yeah dummy, you know that I’ve only been to the doctors once since I was a baby. Men have to shave their faces every day. Besides, I’m going to get my pubic hair removed permanently just as soon as I can. My mum’s had all hers permanently removed, and she doesn’t wear a bra. She rarely wears knickers as well.”

“I had noticed.” Luke said.

“Have you been perving at my mum Luke?”

“Not deliberately Sam, but it’s hard not to notice a couple of fruit pastilles on the front of her dress at times and she gets a bit careless with her legs at times.”

“My mum wears a bra all the time.” Henry said.

“Yeah, but she’s got big tits. I’d hate to have tits that big. It must be painful for her. I like mine as they are; I don’t want them to grow any bigger.”

“Neither do I.” Henry said as he rolled onto his side and grabbed the nearest one of my tits.

“Another thing,” I added, “most men like looking at naked girls but how many women like looking at naked men?”

“Do you like looking at naked men Sam”

“I like playing with their cocks.”

“You can play with mine any time that you want Sam.” Luke said.

“Mine too Sam.” Henry added.

“Thank guys, I’ll hold you to that.”


The conversation ended there because my hands went to their cocks and coaxed then to get hard. We fucked again before going home.


That afternoon mum took me into town to get some last things for school, another short black skirt and socks and another pair of flat shoes. She tried to get me some knickers and a bra but I again refused saying that they were a waste of money. She didn’t push it.



Mum came to school with me on my first day of the new term. She took me straight to the office and asked to speak to the headmaster. When he saw me he gave me a strange look then took us into his office.

Mum explained everything to him.

“Well,” he said, “that’s a first for me, but it’s not a problem. There’s no rules or laws about the subject that I’m aware of, so Sam can just join his, sorry her class and get on with her schooling. I’ll have a word with her new teacher and ask her to quell any rumours or unpleasantness. Don’t you worry Sam, everything will be okay, but if any of the other children start giving you any problems just let me know. It would come under the category of bullying and as you know we have a zero tolerance policy on that. Okay Sam, off you go to your home room, and thank you for coming in and explaining everything.”


As I walked into my home room everyone turned to look at me. I wondered how many of them thought that I was a new girl and how many recognised me and thought that I had gone all weird and was wearing girl’s clothes.

The teacher saw me, and called me over. The headmaster must have phoned her and explained everything because she called the class to order then said,

“Boys and girls. I’m sure that you have noticed that Sam is now dressed as a girl. That’s because Sam was born a girl, but as she grew up she decided that she was a boy and dressed accordingly. That was hers and her parents choice. This is a free country and choosing to do what she did was not against the law and no one got hurt or upset. 

We have to, and we will, respect her choice in doing that. Like most of you, Sam has now reached puberty and she has now decided to revert to being a girl. Again, her choice and again, all of us will respect that choice. From now on, Sam will be just like any other girl. Sam is a girl and you will all treat her as one. Okay, has anyone got any questions?”

There was a long silence then the boy who had teased me about my tiny cock said,

“Well that explains a lot, those tits. But hang on a minute, he, sorry, she, saw all us boys naked in the shower.”

“And you saw her naked.” Luke replied.

“Yeah, I guess that I did.” The boy replied with a smile on his face.

Another boy said,

“Does that mean that I can put a skirt on and do PE with the girls and then  shower with them too Miss?”

“Only if you’re a girl Tommy.” Miss replied.

“But Sam was girl when she came into the boy’s showers Miss.”

“And I’m guessing that she showered naked Tommy. Would you shower naked with all those girls there?”

Tommy blushed and said nothing.

“Okay kids, any more questions or can we get on with starting the day?”

There was along silence then the teacher got started calling the register.


Our first lesson was in our home room and at the end of it the teacher called out my name. When I got to her desk she repeated what the headmaster had said about bullying then added,

“Oh, and Sam, you may like to consider a longer skirt and some underwear tomorrow. You just proved to me a few times that you are definitely a girl.”

“Yes miss.” I replied as I left the room.


The conversation had only taken seconds and most of the class were just outside the door waiting for me with lots of questions.

“What did it feel like being a boy?” A girl asked.

“Why did you do it?” A boy asked.

“Did you like wearing those horrible restrictive clothes?” Another girl asked

“Did you really see all the boys cocks? What were they like? Were they hard?” Yet another girl asked.

“You’ve seen all us boys in the shower.”

“Does it feel weird wearing girl’s clothes Sam?” Another boy asked.

Are you going to still shower with the boys?” Yet another boy asked.


I just smiled as Henry and Luke grabbed an arm each and pulled me through the crowd.  


“Miss saw my pussy.” I said when things got a little quieter.

“Did you flash her Sam?”

“I must have, but I didn’t realise that I had.”

“So are you going to get some knickers and longer skirts?” Luke asked.

“No, why should I? I like how I am.”

“So do I.” Henry added then continued. “So are we walking home trough the woods this afternoon?”

My pussy twitched and I felt my nipples harden.

“Of course. You don’t have to ask Henry.”


The rest of the day was just as weird. Word spread and there was always a lot of kids around me, staring at me. Some asking similar questions.


When I looked at our new timetable I saw PE the next day.

“Shit,” I thought, “I’d forgotten about PE.”

When one lesson got boring I started to think about what girls wore for PE. We’d never had PE with the girls since I’d started at this school so I’d never seen what they wear. When I mentioned it to Luke and Henry, Luke said,

“Just wear your boys PE kit. I’m sure that some of the girls wear shorts like yours. For some weird reason some girls like wearing boys sports clothes.”

“What about my footy boots? Shall I take them?”

“Never seen girls wearing footy boots but maybe they wear them for hockey. Is there a girl’s football team?

“Dunno,” I’ll find out I replied. “Maybe I can still be in the boys team?”

“You’d run rings round them Sam.” Henry said.

“Do girls play football in a skirt?” I asked.

“Dunno.” Luke said, “I’ve seen them playing hockey once and some of them were wearing skirts.”

“I’ll have to get mum to buy me a skirt for PE then.”

“You’re turning into a real exhibitionist Sam.” Luke said, “Maybe you should just go to school naked. I’ve read a story about girls having to go to school without any clothes on as some sort of punishment or to try to make them less shy.”

“You sure as hell aren’t shy Sam. Can an exhibitionist be shy?” Henry asked.


I did take my boys PE kit with me the next day and I discovered that some of the girls wore the same sort of PE clothes. 

The PE wasn’t anywhere as near strenuous as the boys lessons had been and I didn’t even get sweaty or dirty, but that didn’t stop me having a shower at the end. Some of the girls didn’t have a shower and just got changed. 

It was strange watching other girls get changed and showered. I found myself staring at them and my pussy tingled a bit and got wet. I wondered if I was a lesbian. 

