Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: Doppelganger
Part: Chapter 4 of 31
Summary: Justin was born with a little extra - a set of
         female sex organs - but that was just the
         beginning.
Keywords: mf, oral, inc, rom
Language: English
Copyright: 2005

*********************************************
*                 WARNING!                  *
* This text file contains sexually explicit *
* material. If you do not wish to read this *
* type of literature, or you are under age, *
*      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
*********************************************

Comments appreciated :
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************

INTRODUCTION

Justin Rogers was born not quite 16 years ago with 
something special - a complete functional set of female 
sex organs.  Just recently he has found they don't really 
belong to him but to his twin sister Tina who spent much 
of her early life sharing his body.

From time to time she was able to visit as a distinct 
person but some survival instinct made her merge with him 
again before she was discovered.

Now they have met properly and, sharing memories and 
experiences whenever they are merged (or "together" as 
opposed to being "with each other" as separate people), 
they have a similar outlook to many matters including 
their sexual awakening.

*********************************************************

WEDNESDAY WEEK 3
================

It shouldn't really have been a surprise for Justin.  One 
would think over the years he would have developed some 
idea of what his mother did while he was at school.

Bernie (she didn't really like the contraction of Bernice 
but she had learned to live with it) had vacuumed the 
lounge and the bedroom she shared with her husband Mal 
(who contrarily didn't like his own "Malcolm").  Next was 
Justin's bedroom and the guest room - a spare room 
gradually used for temporary storage since there were 
seldom guests who stayed.

She lifted up the bedspread to get the nozzle under the 
edge of the base and was not surprised to find Justin's 
shoes pushed out of the way.  What did surprise her 
though were the pair she hadn't seen before and which she 
couldn't imagine her son wearing.  They were quite pretty 
really.

Justin's mother had been concerned when Justin had found 
out about his "special secret" but he seemed to have 
coped with it, and with the subsequent unfortunate 
commencement of his periods for which she hadn't been 
prepared; now she wasn't so sure.

She had had to live alone with the possibility that one 
day her son might want to be a daughter since Mal had 
effectively blocked off any memory of his son being other 
than 100% male even before he was out of nappies and it 
had been, and still was, useless to try to talk to him.

Thoughts of her husband brought a recent incident to mind 
where Justin had kissed him goodnight.  Was that another 
sign he was having an identity crisis?

She wouldn't normally have snooped in his room, his 
washing was simply left in a neat pile for him to put 
away, but this was different.  He obviously wasn't 
talking to her about it - and then she remembered a 
neighbour asking if he was alright because she had seen 
him at the doctor's.  "Oh no!  He's not asking about a 
sex change is he?"

Bernie calmed down when she realised no doctor would 
operate on a minor without his parents' permission.  
Still he might be having some problem he didn't feel he 
could discuss with her.  It saddened her that he might 
feel that way; they seemed to have been talking so well.

She opened the wardrobe for the first time in what seemed 
like years and almost missed the dresses.  Tina had hung 
her clothes inside Justin's shirts and jackets so they 
would be less obvious and it almost worked; a telltale 
bit of colour gave the game away and Bernie easily found 
the other outfits.  She left them only slightly 
disturbed.

At least her son had good taste!

She missed the wig box on the floor of the wardrobe and 
decided to check his drawers as well.

The underwear drawer was filled with boxers and socks 
(some of which were ready to be thrown out) and also, 
with only a little digging, six pairs of knickers in 
various styles.  What was more worrying was the presence 
of a thin square box that, when opened, revealed a 
circular rubber device with a spring edge.  It had been a 
while since she had seen one and she dreaded the 
implication - her son, not yet 16, was sexually active 
and ("At least", she mentally sighed) was trying to avoid 
getting pregnant.

But that implied he had a boyfriend and her knowledge of 
the intolerance often shown to gays by teen boys made her 
suspect any boyfriend was likely to be older.  Now she 
was worried!  And more than a little confused since 
Justin had also given her a conflicting indication that 
he was interested in some girl.

She dreaded it but couldn't see any way of avoiding a 
confrontation, or rather an inquisition.  She didn't want 
to accuse or abuse him - she wanted to make sure he 
wasn't being abused or unduly influenced by others!

The rest of her day, in a marked contrast to her usual 
practise, was spent alone in contemplation and a 
rehearsal, with many script changes, of what she would 
say when Justin arrived home from school.

----

Justin hurried straight home after the class was 
released.  He and Tina had gotten into the habit of 
saying goodbye before breakfast, seeing each other for an 
hour or so before dinner and then spending some time with 
each other in the evening (after he had cleaned up for 
both of them) before they curled up in each other's arms 
to sleep.

Sometimes Tina would daringly pop up unexpectedly for a 
quick kiss and cuddle during a break but they had soon 
realised that school had too many rules for them to avoid 
getting caught sooner rather than later.

Eager to see the young girl, he came through the door 
with a cheerful "Hi Mum" and definitely was unprepared 
for her solemn response.  "Hi Dear.  Can you put your 
things away and come and have a talk with me please?"

It wasn't really a question.

As in the past he thought "What have I done now?" but he 
couldn't recall any recent indiscretions.  He believed 
his relationship with Tina to be adequately hidden - the 
sanctity of his room was such that he didn't even 
consider his mother would have gone in there - and, not 
being able to think of anything at home, he began to 
review issues at school.

Bernie was seated at the kitchen table with an untouched 
cup of coffee rapidly cooling.  She had made it but 
couldn't drink; she had needed something to do as she had 
waited for him and now it kept her hands occupied.

Justin returned and sat down with a cautious, "What's 
up?"

"I was wondering how you were coping, with growing up I 
mean.  You've had a lot of changes lately; I know I've 
apologised for not being ready for your periods but I am 
sorry I was only looking at you as a boy.  I hope you can 
talk to me about any doubts or problems you have."

"Everything's okay at the moment, I think.  Is there any 
reason why you think I might have problems?"

"I heard you had been to the Doctor's but you hadn't said 
anything."

"Oh!  Sorry.  We're helping each other with ..., well I 
suppose a research project is the best way of describing 
it.  My 'little bit extra' means there are a few 
differences in how my body works that we would both like 
to get straight."

That was more reassuring to Bernie than her earlier 
fears.  She hoped Justin wasn't just being considered a 
guinea pig but realised that Dr Bryant hadn't ever seemed 
to look at him that way.

"When you were born the doctor told us she could perform 
surgery to make your body all male or all female but said 
it was better to let you decide for yourself when you got 
older.  Well I guess you are older now.  Have you been 
having any thoughts along those lines at all?"

Justin was a little stunned.  Dr Sue had mentioned it 
once as one of a range of options but she and he (and 
Tina) had all decided it was not going to happen.

"I knew of it but haven't considered it.  I am happy with 
my body as it is."

"It's just, ...  Oh I don't want you to be angry with me.  
I really didn't mean to pry but I was worried and had to 
find out ..."

"What?"  Justin was now concerned for his mother.

Bernie wasn't normally one to get flustered but she 
wasn't properly saying all the things she had worked out.  
"I was cleaning your room and found your new shoes."  She 
paused to see his reaction; depending on what he now said 
she may not have to reveal her other discoveries.

"They're not mine Mum." 

"Then whose are they?"

Justin had always been a truthful boy; well as truthful 
as most boys were to their parents.  He swallowed, not 
relishing the response he would get to his eventual 
reply.

"They're a girl's."

"Which girl?  Does she know you have them?"  Her son 
wasn't a snow-dropper was he?  Pinching underwear from 
clotheslines in people's backyards?

"Yes, she knows.  She left them there.  It was Tina."

Bernie took a few seconds trying to recall any girl of 
her son's acquaintance called Tina.  "Oh, no!"  Bernie 
suddenly recalled who Tina had been for oh, so many years 
and who had absent for about the same time (or had Justin 
just stopped talking about her?)

Was she mistaken; did he mean someone else?  Or was her 
son suffering from a multiple personality disorder or 
something?

Hoping for the best she asked, "Do I know her?"

Justin smiled.  "I don't think you've ever been 
introduced but I've certainly told you about her often 
enough."  He watched her face drop.

"There's nothing for it", he thought.  He silently 
addressed his other half as he stood, "Hope you feel the 
same way, Love."

"I'll see if she's around."

His mother could only stare despondently at the full but 
cold cup in front of her.  She took it to the sink and 
poured out the contents before returning to her seat, 
dreading his return.

Justin closed the bedroom door behind him and spoke to 
the empty room.  "I think she has to meet you."  He was 
getting used to noticing the subtle difference.  "Hi."

"Hi.  I think you're right."

"You'd better get dressed though.  Nice as you look like 
that, I think the reaction would be worse."

"True and I think I had better appear as feminine as 
possible."

Justin helped her get her things together as she started 
to dress and left her to finish while he "prepared" their 
mother.

He found her staring at her hands.  "Tina will be along 
shortly?  Perhaps we should go into the lounge - it would 
be more comfortable there."

Bernie rose, almost in tears, and made her way into the 
other room.  Justin settled her for a little while then 
excused himself while he got a drink.  He was set to 
quench his thirst when he realised Tina would probably be 
just as thirsty.  He poured out a large glass and drank 
half.  Then he heard the voices.

Bernie saw a shape move into the lounge room and sit 
opposite her though her eyes remained downcast.  She 
could see the shoes she had found earlier but resisted 
looking up.  If she didn't see her son in drag she could 
still deny it to herself.  She was confused, "How much 
time has it been?  How had he changed so quickly?"

The tension grew.

"Hello Mum."  His voice had a feminine timbre that hadn't 
been noticeable before.  "Are you okay?"

Bernie looked up, her eyes travelling over the slim legs, 
the nice dress and young figure and the long black hair.

Justin sat before her.

"Hello.  I'm Tina."

She started to cry.  If Justin wanted to be female she 
would support him but if he was just disturbed she didn't 
know what she would do.  It was hard to know what to 
think when one minute he said he was happy as he was and 
then he got dressed up like this and denied his identity.

"Are you okay?" he repeated leaning forward.

"Would you like a drink Tina?" he also said from the 
doorway.  Bernie's head span around to watch him enter 
bearing a class.  She turned back to see him sitting 
there and back to the doorway and ...

"Mum!"  Both teens called out and Tina caught her as she 
slumped forward.  Justin hastily put the glass down and 
helped sit her back on the lounge.

"I'll get a face cloth."  Tina dashed to the bathroom and 
soaked cloth.  She was heading back when she heard her 
mother talking to Justin.

"Oh Jus.  I feel so funny.  I think I've been seeing 
things."

"Sorry Mum.  It's my fault.  I should have realised you 
might not take it too well."

Before she could respond a slender arm reached past her 
face to pass Justin a damp cloth.

"Thanks.  Here Mum."  He rested it against her forehead.

Bernie, in mild shock, shivered uncontrollably; her first 
concerns about Justin's mental stability had become 
concerns for her own.

"Mum!  Listen!  Every thing is all right.  Please calm 
down."  Having got her attention Justin kept talking in a 
soothing voice.  "Would you like another cup of coffee?"

Recovering slowly she nodded at the normalcy of the 
question but Justin remained with her while she could 
hear the preparatory noises from the kitchen behind her.  
Things didn't seem to be getting much better after all.

When Tina set the mug on the small table beside her 
Bernie forced herself to look at the girl.  Justin 
watched her reaction.  "Mum, this IS Tina.  She wasn't a 
figment of my imagination and she isn't a figment of 
yours."

Tina smiled at her.  "Sorry Mum.  I didn't mean to cause 
you any problems.  We WERE trying to work out how to tell 
you but you sort of jumped the gun before we were ready."

"Why do you call me Mum?"

Tina knelt beside Justin at her feet and carefully took 
Bernie's hand between hers.  "Because you are my mother.  
I'm your daughter - you just didn't really know about me 
before."

With a sudden clarity of thought Justin added, "if you 
like, think of her as my twin who was mixed up at the 
hospital when we were born and who has only just found 
her way back to us."

"They told me I was having twins, but I didn't."

She was quiet for a while and the teenagers encouraged 
her to drink up while they let her reach a new 
equilibrium.  The unpleasantly strong and sweet coffee 
focussed her senses on the differences to her normal brew 
which allowed her body to ease away from its previous 
stressful tenseness.

There was much she didn't understand but there was also a 
great relief that her dear son wasn't being abused by 
some older man nor was he mentally disturbed - "Though", 
and she at least could smile internally, " I still don't 
know about me."

She felt she had turned back from hysteria and was now 
able to look at the pair with some confused affection.

"You look very much alike."

"Uhm.  Please don't get upset again but we're even 
closer."  Tina removed the wig and put it down beside her 
to reveal the same neat short haircut that Justin now 
bore as well.

"You were actually talking to me in the kitchen one 
morning."

Bernie suddenly recollected "Justin was in the laundry!"  
She WASN'T going mad!  It was more of a relief than the 
pair on the floor could imagine.

"Yes."

"But where did you go?"

Justin and Tina exchanged glances.

"Mum I think we need to take this a bit slower now.  You 
need to get used to me being real and we have to find the 
right words to tell you.  That's really part of what we 
have been talking to Dr Sue about."

"Dr Sue?"

"The research Justin mentioned."

"But you weren't here then."

"She was Mum.  Just trust us on that for now.  Please?"

Bernie had always been disappointed that she hadn't 
managed to have another child after Justin had been born.  
She would have liked a daughter and it was easy for her 
to accept Tina in that role.  Looking at the two of them 
sitting before her she remembered how she had become 
focussed on having twins during the last few months of 
her only successful pregnancy.

She had felt both let down AND relieved when that changed 
on Justin's birth.  Now her other baby had turned up and 
if it required a little bit of trust she could manage 
that.  She held out her arms to both of them and felt wet 
teary kisses on each cheek.

"But what do we tell your father?"

-----

Bernie had to agree that telling her husband about Tina 
was probably not a good idea yet.

Though he was a good provider and a reasonable father to 
Justin, he was rather conservative in his outlook.

Neither xenophobic nor homophobic he followed a "live and 
let live" philosophy to one and a "don't ask, don't tell" 
approach to the other while never warming to either 
group.  His politics were based on ancestral history 
rather than current issues or political policies and 
newspapers were generally only read for a few pages 
starting from the back sports section.

He was comfortable in the world as he saw it and just 
wanted to be left there, undisturbed.  You could get him 
to change his views but the force required to overcome 
the inertia was rarely worth it.

With reassurances her new daughter would be back to visit 
the next day Bernie let Tina leave without really 
understanding where she was going or how she was getting 
there.  Tina kissed her goodbye and then whispered a 
quiet "see you later" to Justin as she hugged him as 
well.

She went into Justin's room and removed her clothing.  It 
was less work for her to simply disappear but then Justin 
would have to put them away when they were together so 
she wouldn't really benefit.  Besides her mother might 
see them on the floor and wonder what she was wearing.

Justin, seated next to his mother, felt the change and 
wondered how they would manage under their new 
circumstances.

-----

Malcolm sensed some underlying tension during the evening 
meal but couldn't put his finger on it.  It was almost as 
though there was an increased level of politeness rather 
than some difficulty.  The fact that it was a happy 
politeness rather than a strained one only made it seem 
odder.

He didn't know what to think but the house didn't appear 
to be about to fall down or explode so he put it into his 
(overflowing) "too hard" basket and promptly forgot about 
it.

Justin offered to clean up and Bernie went to join her 
husband in front of the TV, bemusedly thinking she should 
stress out more often.  She also cuddled against Mal 
which hadn't occurred for a while; he didn't know it but 
her elation about having a daughter was going to benefit 
him as well.

He was quite happy to put his arm around her as they sat 
there but it was short-lived.  Bernie had been quietly 
reviewing the afternoon's revelations as the television 
flickered unseen by her.

Circumstances had been so different from that which she 
had imagined that some of the issues she had wanted to 
raise had been forgotten.  She recalled the cliche that 
battle plans rarely survive the first engagement and 
thought it appropriate.

Some of them didn't matter too much, although she was 
curious why Tina left her clothes in Justin's drawers and 
wardrobe, but the killer was the diaphragm.

It looked like it was Tina's and SHE was still under 16!  
Concerns she had felt for her son now transferred to her 
new daughter.

"Excuse me.  I have to ask Justin something."  Mal 
released his wife without query and she went to her son's 
bedroom.

Justin had put the dishes away and then gone to the 
toilet before starting his homework.  He hadn't got 
settled as he was expecting Tina back but instead there 
was a knock at his door.

"Yes?"

Bernie opened it and poked her head in, "Can I ask you 
something?"

Justin was sure that she had dozens of questions, some 
easier to answer than others.  Her first one surprised 
him however.

"Does Tina have a boyfriend?"

"No.  Why?"

"This might sound silly - Do you?"

"Mum!  No!  Why would you think that?"

"I'm sorry that I invaded your privacy but when I found 
the shoes I also saw the dresses and had to check 
further.  I found the diaphragm.  Sorry."

Justin gave his mother a hug.  He was mildly disturbed 
his room had been searched but he had never been overly 
paranoid about "his space" and certainly wasn't going to 
start ranting over her investigations.  (He would just 
have to see that some other items of a sort typically 
collected by a teenage boy were better hidden.)

He could see why the contraceptive would cause her some 
distress and it had been obvious earlier that she had 
been worried about him and his possible dissatisfaction 
with his unusual body.

"I should have spoken to you earlier about it.  It's a 
bit hard to talk to your own parents about some things 
though.  It's mine - to make sure I don't make myself 
pregnant, though we don't even know if that IS possible."

Bernie hadn't even thought of self-impregnation!

One thought of sex as an insertion and that wasn't 
physically possible but now she could see how semen could 
find its way into her son's vagina.

"I talked to Dr Bryant after I started my periods.  She 
didn't want to put me on the pill because my hormones 
were a bit touchy anyway.  Other contraceptives didn't 
seem practical so a diaphragm seemed the best way to stop 
any accidents."

"I was worried you were ...  then I thought maybe Tina 
was ..."

"Tina hasn't been out much and then only with me, and I 
don't have a girlfriend yet, let alone a boyfriend."

Justin hadn't considered THAT possibility before and he 
certainly wasn't about to let on just what he had been 
getting up to with Tina.  It was an interesting side 
issue, though he was quite happy at the moment if the 
only penis lodged in his vagina was his own.

Bernie, thankful to have her worries - if not all her 
questions - dealt with, returned to her husband and an 
eventual amorous night.

Justin closed the door behind her and turned into Tina's 
arms.  She wrapped them around his neck, gave him a kiss 
and said, "No girlfriend huh!  What am I?"

Justin kissed her back.  "You're certainly all girl but 
can you see me telling Mum just how friendly we really 
are?"

She released him with a shake of her head and turned to 
his books.  "What subject do you want me to do?"

"I wouldn't mind Sex-Ed."

"You know you haven't got any homework for that but if 
you're a good boy you might be permitted some self-
directed study later."

"Sounds good.  Well then, I'll have Chemistry for 10 and 
you can have Maths - you did ask."

"Maths it is then but I'll remember this later.  Maybe 
next time you'll remember good little boys pick the 
harder subject."

"There's not much Chem.  How about you read out the 
questions and I note the answers then we can do the Maths 
together."

"Sounds better.  You get a reprieve if I get a kiss."

Proving that two minds are better than one (especially if 
both have a horny bent and the desire to get their work 
out the way before they start to play) they soon had the 
work finished.  Tina put the books away while Justin 
undressed and then disappeared while he washed for both.

Though they enjoyed an occasional shower or soak with 
each other it had turned out safer to stay together until 
they were back in Justin's room; now their mother was 
aware of Tina's existence they had to be even more 
careful.

Tina appeared shortly after Justin got between the sheets 
but, in one of their unusual turnarounds he found himself 
lying beside the bed while she was in his place.

Getting in for the second time he commented, "I wonder 
why that happens."

Any possible response was smothered by her lips.

In just over a week their osculatory skills had improved 
from a teeth-clashing incompetence to a level where they 
could drive each other wild with their tongues.  They had 
yet to learn the pleasures generated by subtle variations 
in pressure or suction but were learning.  When they were 
together they could review their combined memories and 
were more readily able to hone their ability.

It didn't stop there though.

Justin had learned what to do to pleasure Tina and, more 
importantly, what NOT to do to destroy that mood; as a 
result she frequently experienced a psyche-wrenching 
orgasm.

Much later Dr Bryant was able to tell Tina about "le 
petit mort" or the little death that, in rare cases, 
would accompany a strong orgasm.

For now however, the cause was unknown to either of them, 
and almost as though her senses were overloaded, Tina 
blacked out briefly as the tsunami thundered over her 
body.

For Justin, however, it was a little scary.

"Tina!  Tina, are you okay?  Can you hear me?"

With some gentle, though frantic shaking, the young girl 
did come around before he had become desperate enough to 
call his parents.

"Oh that was GOOD!"  Tina didn't seem aware that she had 
caused any concern and was amazed at the intensity of 
Justin's hug.  She was further surprised when he 
explained.

Justin had started by kissing her while still climbing 
back into the bed.  She felt his weight ease onto her 
body as he slowly covered her without releasing their lip 
lock.

She held his head as his chest gently crushed her breasts 
against her rib cage and his stiffening member rubbed her 
pubic bone until he was forced to shift it slightly 
sideways so it rested on the fold where her leg met her 
torso.

Justin slipped his hands under her armpits and then 
around her shoulders, supporting himself on his forearms 
as their tongues fought.  Tina barely needed any 
stimulation other than Justin's kisses to be aroused and 
her legs parted unconsciously as her pussy moistened.

Justin dipped his member inside her wet hole, then had to 
quickly remove it before the sensations proved too much; 
he wriggled down the bed, spreading a trail of kisses 
over Tina's sensitive neck and across her chest to one 
nipple then the other.

He now knew exactly how much pressure hands, tongue and 
sucking mouth had to apply for Tina's satisfaction.

He knew which touches she liked; the light feathery 
contact between finger tip and nipple, the firmer 
stretching grip of thumb and finger against that same 
nipple, the wet flat surface of his tongue sliding with 
glacial slowness over the firm nubbin.

And he knew what signs to look for as Tina's need for him 
to move further down grew in urgency.

Justin enjoyed the flavour of his sister's juicy pussy.  
It didn't hurt to know he would share her pleasure, or at 
least the memories, when they were again together.  It 
added an almost voyeuristic thrill to the whole 
experience.

He knew just where to touch with his probing fingers 
wedged against his chin.  He knew how she liked his 
tongue to press into that same wet hole to slurp up the 
tasty liquid and how he should play with lips and furrow 
before teasing her clit.  Tina hated the suspenseful 
interrupted contact while at the same time her body 
soared in anticipation of the next touch of the tongue.  
He knew how she loved to hate it, and how hating didn't 
mean she didn't want more.

And then, when he had "given in" and was sucking and 
licking and pushing his tongue firmly against the thin 
hooded mound below her bush, she felt the storm hit her 
and she soared, arching her slim teenage body while her 
brother maintained a tight hold.  No rodeo rider could 
have stayed in place on such a bucking bronco and at 
least they didn't have to worry about getting their heads 
crushed while they were still in the saddle.

Once Justin looked up over the suddenly limp limbs, had 
briefly panicked, had freed himself and had then seen her 
recover and been reassured, Tina took him in hand to 
restore his former rigidity and then coaxed him once 
again to position himself atop her prone body.

After washing Justin had applied spermicide cream to his 
vagina and inserted the rubber disk; when Tina took that 
organ from him his preparations went with it and she was 
safe from an unwanted pregnancy.

Tina opened her thighs and let Justin nestle closer, his 
youthful penis rock hard and throbbing with each strong 
heartbeat.  She felt it slide around her vulva, not quite 
slipping into the depression between her still moist lips 
that would allow Justin to enter her.

He shifted slightly and tried again; his gentle push was 
still unsuccessful and he moved back a little the other 
way.

Tina felt the satisfactory engagement ("Finally!") of 
their parts and gloried in the slow expansion of her 
vagina as Justin eased himself inside.

He touched bottom and the glans rested against the side 
of her small cylindrical cervix.  He had previously been 
able to feel it with his thumb since the structure of his 
hand allowed him to bury that digit deeper than the other 
longer fingers.  It had been a hardness within the warm, 
wet and soft cavity that had interested them both but now 
the rubber barrier concealed it and the sensations from 
all sides of his prick overloaded his ability to tell the 
difference.

Resting, embedded as he was in his loving partner's cunt, 
wasn't going to help him for long.  The slow entry had 
been exquisite torture and the movements of Tina's 
vaginal muscles prevented all but the smallest recovery 
of his equilibrium.

His body screamed out for motion and he began 
withdrawing.

Before the head came out he had tensed his buttocks in 
preparation for a change in direction and now he pushed 
back into Tina with greater speed.  She felt the length 
pass through the entrance to her vagina and her own body 
responded to his urgency with no allowance for the fact 
she had so recently been crushed by her own orgasm.

She raised her legs as their parents' marital arts (NOT 
martial!) manual had suggested and Justin pinned them 
against his shoulders as he picked up the tempo even 
further.  Justin's penis now scoured the ventral surface 
of Tina's vagina, his cockhead rubbing over the mass of 
nerve endings that comprised her G-spot.

Tina had come from his oral stimulation of her clit, now 
his hard rod was taking her to a quite different 
completion as he pistoned into her.  He came and 
repeatedly thrust his rigidity even harder into the 
sloppy mess to bring Tina a second orgasm in his wake.

She bit her lip to stop a scream as Justin, cock becoming 
sensitive, was forced to slow; only then was he able to 
notice the tremors that shook her beautiful body and he 
helped her put her legs down once more while remaining 
buried inside her.

They hugged and, laughing, kissed passionately.  They 
shared the joy of a youthful ecstasy and then the warm 
glowing comfort of mutual love.  Could things get any 
better?

Tina felt the limp organ as it slipped out of her and she 
passed Justin a handkerchief to wipe both himself and 
her.

It wasn't the first time they had fucked but it was the 
first time they had achieved such wonderful results and 
it was only spoilt by Tina's need to relieve herself and 
to clean out most of the cum before it oozed out to leave 
her cold and sticky.

She was tempted to simply disappear for a few minutes to 
let Justin have the job of cleaning up in her place but 
decided instead to just give him another kiss.  She could 
tease him in ways that were difficult for him to pay back 
but after such a performance it would only be mean-
spirited.

She opened the door a fraction and listened carefully; 
there was no sound and she crept out only wearing an 
oversized T-shirt style nightie they had picked up for 
such an occasion.

Her appearance didn't quite match that of a Justin 
roaming in his boxers but she would have been far less 
convincing if she had worn just them; she just hoped that 
their father wasn't roaming around - Mum would be bad 
enough.

She peed and then used the spray provided by the doctor 
to flush out Justin's seed.  Repeatedly filling the bulb 
with warm water she inserted the plastic nozzle inside 
her and squeezed so that the streams of water forcefully 
struck the sides of her well-fucked cunt and scoured its 
surface before flowing out into the toilet bowl.

When she judged herself thoroughly clean she tidied up 
and returned to Justin's room.

Justin heard the release of her held breath as she closed 
the door.  In the narrow bed he made as much space as he 
could for her beside him and she slipped in, leaving the 
nightie on; it was time for sleep rather than for further 
antics.  As she lay with Justin's arm around her they 
talked quietly.

"You're getting very good at eating pussy - I wonder what 
Katie and Tyler would think."

"*I* wonder what they would taste like.  You're delicious 
- as you very well know - but we don't have anyone else 
to compare you with."

The pair, or rather Justin in the absence of any wider 
awareness of Tina's existence, had been getting on 
reasonably well with the other two girls since Tina had 
interrupted them in the change room.

At first they had been silently hostile but, as time went 
on and he had preserved their secret, they had thawed 
until he was able to talk with them.  From there it was 
only a matter of a series of short steps to his being 
able to refer to their activities (indirectly, politely 
and in private) without offence being taken.

Tina made some suggestions as to how his next 
conversation should go and he agreed.  Each silently 
scheming, they drifted off to sleep.

*********************************************************

