A Slip in the Pool
by anonenffan

A Slip in the Pool (Chapter 1)

A simple doorway shouldn’t have this effect on me. My heart is slamming against my ribs. I can feel my hands shake. My cheeks are glowing and sweat is pouring down my forehead. All because that simple little figure on the locker room door doesn’t have a dress. At the same time, my fingers grip the handle of my bag. I can’t pull away. The flood of adrenaline won’t let me. It’s too sweet to resist.

 
I take a deep breath. One more look around. There’s a few splashes and some idle conversations. Not a hint about what I want to do. A shadow looms in my direction. The trail leads up to the diving board. My thighs squeeze, and I swallow my tongue again.

 
An exhale escapes me. If I’m going to pull this off, I can’t be so nervous. If they find out what I’m doing, the whole plan falls apart. I shake my head and shove through the door.

 
My mind creates gasps. The wide eyes. I can feel a heat swirling inside me. When I open one eye, I let out a breath I don’t remember holding. One other guy stood there, towel around his face. As he dries his hair, I power walk. There’s nobody else here, but I still want a corner, far from the shower and far from the door.

 
I choose a locker nobody is using and set the bag down. I place my hand on a locker and lean. All I can do for a moment is pant. This idea seems easier in my head. Still, he doesn’t know. If I’m quick, he won’t suspect anything.

 
I discard a baseball cap and pull the hoodie off my shoulders. I shiver as cool locker room air makes my t-shirt flutter. It bares the logo of some metal band I don’t listen to. It doesn’t seem like I need it, but it can still serve a purpose. After all, I may need a disguise later.

 
I can’t help but take a glance around me, listening for visitors. One male voice clears his throat, and I hear the locker room door squeak. I nibble my lip and check each and every row of lockers. I bring a tiny crumpled smile back with me. The locker room is all mine.

 
Another exhale and I grip the shirt. It climbs my body, baring my figure to the male locker room. I shiver when I feel the cold air glide over my figure. The shirt falls on top of the hoodie. I need a minute. The top half of my body almost glows under the buzzing lights.

 
I look at shooting stars, throw pennies into fountains, and use a few birthday wishes on the same idea. None of them do a thing for my chest. I sometimes call them lowercase a’s. On other days they look like speed bumps. But after seeing dozens of drawings online, I can call them an asset.

 
I kick tennis shoes and peel away socks. My heart is still racing. Sure, I’m alone, but that won’t last forever. My hands fumble as I unfasten my belt. The blue jeans loosen and I almost can’t stand up. They crumple to my ankles.

 
My skin tightens as I feel the air over my bare skin. Only one piece of fabric remains, and it’s the only one without subtly. No, instead my panties squeal a burning shade of pink to anyone who finds them in their line of sight. I can feel myself blushing. Not my best choice. Though if I’m honest, it won’t be my worst either. In either case, they can’t stay.

 
I take another glance around the locker room. It’s my last chance to change my mind. But those damned pictures buttering up my imagination keep appearing. Despite the flow pouring from the air vents, and the buzz of cheap lights, I can hear the tiny scratch of the cotton slipping down my thighs. I’m shaking as the fabric passes my knees.

 
I step out of them and snatch them from the floor. At this point, it feels like my heart is putting pressure on my throat. My skin feels tight and the tips of my speedbumps feel rigid. As I shiver, I force myself to take a deep breath. It’s okay, I’m the only one in this room. Nobody knows there’s a naked girl in the male locker room. After I finish strangling my panties, I shove them into my bag. They have to be on the bottom, furthest from reach. A tingle climbs my back as I limit my access to cover.

 
A sigh forces its way out. I don’t have a thread on my body from head to toe. Being like this in a locker room isn’t a big deal, but I’m in the male locker room. If someone comes in now and sees me, what do I say? What do I do? I wrap my arms around my body, as I creep along the cold interior. I lean against the metal lockers to peek around the corner. I gasp and close my eyes as my body presses against the chilly metal doors. But I can’t pull away from the foreign sensation. Here I am, without a thread on my figure, pressing my stomach and thigh against a rigid wall. There’s no excuse for this.

 
It takes me a full minute to break myself from the trance. I don’t have time to waste, but even with the high chance of someone seeing me, I can’t force myself back to my stuff. It feels like I have to do something. I should get at least one adrenaline spike before continuing. One lap around the interior. That should be enough. I peel myself from the locker, and hands hover near my hips. They ball into fists and stay that way as I extend my leg.

 
I walk past the first row of lockers. Each step takes me further from safety. This isn’t part of the plan, but I can already feel heat swelling in me. There’s a tight feeling in my back and a knot somewhere in my stomach. Cool air glides between my thighs. I don’t need to look, I know I’m wet, possibly soaking. My hands want to dive between my thighs, but I resist. I need this feeling if I’m gonna be dumb enough to push myself.

 
Another row and I’m at the main entrance. If someone comes in now, they’ll see me instantly. They’ll see a girl wandering the male locker room, head to toe completely naked. No clothes, no towel, not even stray suds from a shower to hide so much as an inch of my skin. Would they notice my nipples being so firm? Would they notice a subtle shine between my thighs? A tremble climbs my back, and I almost fall over.

 
I approach the next row, and I feel my face is hot with blush. I’m almost safe from a catastrophic encounter at the doorway, and yet, I keep increasing the distance between myself and my abandoned clothing. Before I slip into the row of lockers, I lean and try to elevate my backside. My butt, always cute and perky when I can see it in the mirror, waves at the door. God, I can’t get a grip on myself. I’ve forgotten what being innocent means. I’m swaying the soft curves of my bare bottom just in case someone comes in. Of course, by doing that, I’m throwing away excuses faster than I can take off clothes. If someone came in now…

 
The door hinge squeaks.

 
My eyes shatter. My heart skips a beat. A hurricane scrambles in my brain, throwing a mess of humid words until one of them stands out. ‘MOVE.’

 
I finally force my hands to covering positions and bolt for the row of lockers. Someone is here, I’m completely naked, and I can’t reach my clothing. I’m trapped! All I can do is retreat to the far end of the row. If they need this row, it’s over. My whole plan crumbles.

 
Footsteps bark in my ears like gunshots. My legs feel weak, and the hand between my legs is getting soaked. I want to let it do more than cover, but common sense has a hand on the wheel. All I can do is wait and hope. Something as small as a head glance will break me.

 
“You hungry?”

 
I blink. My head twists toward the entrance. Nobody there.

 
“Yeah kinda. Not sure what I want though.”

 
“Yeah, same.”

 
I check both directions. Two voices. Two guys are in this locker room with me. I’m completely bare-assed naked and I don’t know which way to run. I look at the ceiling and close my eyes. The hand between my legs gives a small squeeze. Please don’t find me.

 
“I heard about this place a couple of blocks from here that just opened up. Wanna check them out?”

 
“The sandwich place? Hmm… you know I did hear good things about their turkey club…”

 
I shiver and hear their footsteps. Where are they? I swallow my tongue. Maybe I shouldn’t move, but I need to know. My legs shake as I try to bring myself to the edge, peeking around the corner. I retreat in an instant and clasp my hands over my mouth. My heart is going to explode if I push any further, but I inch my eyes around the edge of the row again. Both males walk past without so much as a glance in my direction. They both stepped toward the shower area, neither bothering with towels or much else.

 
I hear the showerheads begin to hiss. It takes everything from me to steady my breathing. This is my chance. I have to escape. As the two began to wash, I take a deep breath. Their distraction is my chance, and I step from my cover. I know I should circle back the way I came. I also know I should cover. Instead, I keep my fists at my hips and power walk past the entrance. They don’t say a thing.

 
I almost collapse on my gym bag. Close. Too close. I can’t let myself fall for a distraction again. Even if I’m enjoying the adrenaline. This isn’t what I came here to do. I have to move on. My hand goes fishing in the bag and comes out with a pair of navy blue trunks. There’s no top to go with them. The speed bumps on my chest have to do what they’re best at, and not draw attention.

 
As I stretch the waistband of the trunks, I pause. I raise an eyebrow while looking at my swimwear. There’s a white fabric inside the trunks. “What the heck…” I whisper. Is there underwear within the trunks? What is this? I don’t remember reading about this from their online listing.

 
“You know, that honestly sounds really good. I’m down.”

 
My heart skips a beat. They’re done already!? There’s no time to figure out this weird thing lining the swimsuit. I shove one ankle through the hole, and then the other and hoist them up my hips. The material drags against my skin until it finally climbs to my pelvic region. It feels so odd.

 
I’m in disguise. Will it work? I don’t know. The feeling is so odd, my cheeks are on fire. I can’t act the part, I have to calm down.

 
“Hey, you heard of the place?”

 
I freeze. That voice was clear. My head drifts to the source. One of the guys is standing at the end of the row. The towel-clad guy is looking right at me. The hurricane in my brain keeps violently throwing words until I get the idea to speak.

 
“Oh um…” I clear my throat. Deeper. I need to sound deeper. “You mean me?” I utter, trying as hard as I can to sound male. At best, I sound young. My chest faces the locker.

 
“Yeah, bro. Ever eat at Big Buns?” He says with a smirk.

 
Bro. He’s calling me bro. I gulp. “Oh, um… no… man. First I’ve heard of it!” I say, turning and running a hand through my hair. I hear an internal scream as my chest faces him. It’s do or die. My body is in his direct line of sight. His eyes are on my figure. Subtle but smooth curves, topped with rigid nipples are out and exposed. A bead of sweat slips down my forehead and descends to my collar.

 
He nods and looks back at his friend. “I mean, figures, the place just opened,” he says as he walks away.

 
A breath rushes out, and I nearly collapse. He doesn’t know. My disguise is working. My smile returns, albeit it’s a bit crumpled. Part of me wants to slip the shorts off my silky legs and let loose on myself. I’m boiling over as is. But I resist and instead steady my breathing. I’m not done yet.

 
After the guys leave, my pulse comes down to earth. I can still feel it thumping through me. There is still pressure in my body, causing my hands to ball up and my toes to curl. I drag myself to the door. The outside world waits for me beyond it. Somehow I feel like the door itself is containing the next wave of adrenaline and hormones.

 
The door hinges screech as warm air flows across my legs. My skin tightens as I lift a trembling leg. This is it, time for the real test. My disguise works on at least one person, now it has to fool dozens. Sunlight roars at my eyes as I slip from safety. The sounds of splashing and background chatter hit my ears.

 
The pool presents people swimming through the shimmering water. Alongside it is an array of lounge chairs with people laying on them, soaking in sunlight. Others stand nearby, chatting among themselves.

 
A lifeguard sits perched atop her high seat. She drifts her head from one area of the pool to another. A pair of sunglasses sits atop her face. I can’t help but notice her crimson one-piece is putting in work to contain her. Tension coats the material that hugs her fuller mounds. No way she could do what I’m doing. Her visual sweep pauses when she sees me.

 
My heart begins to race. I know we’re making eye contact. She lowers her sunglasses and raises an eyebrow. I think I’m wobbling. She is looking at me for sure. Can she tell from there? Is my figure giving me away? She shrugs and pushes her sunglasses back in place, and resumes scanning the pool.

 
I exhale. The lifeguard doesn’t suspect anything. I take another step into the sunlight. The heat bites into my skin, but it feels good. Part of me wants to just stand there. To close my eyes, and let the heat sink into my body. A shiver runs through me, but I shake it off. If I don’t move, people will get a look long enough to expose me. That can’t happen. Yet.

 
After I steel my will, I start walking. If I can go one lap around the pool in just these swim shorts, I’ll fool everyone. They won’t know a topless girl is walking around. But the way my heart is racing, the stiffness I feel in my nipples, it feels like my entire plan could shake itself to pieces at any moment. That inner lining to these shorts sways and moves with every little step I take. Each tug reminds me that I’m wearing something not meant for me.

 
First I walk by a couple of girls. They’re laying in the lounge chairs. One is thumbing through the pages of a book, and the other is holding her phone, lining up a picture of herself. As I pass, they each cast a glance at me. I’m frozen in an instant. But it isn’t long before they return to what they’re doing. They’re not paying much attention to me.

 
So far so good. I continue my journey, and pass by a couple of guys. One of them looks familiar. It’s the guy who saw me in the locker room earlier. Only now he’s got a tank top to go with his swim shorts. He’s looking at his phone as one of his friends rubs a towel through their hair.

 
“Bro, this menu looks good,” he says. “They have like twenty kinds of cheeses.” He smirks and then sees me walking by. Once again, I’m frozen. He’s seeing me for a second time, his friends seeing me for the first. Only he’s getting a far closer look at my chest than before. I can’t cover my chest, no matter how desperate I feel. The eye contact lasts for about two seconds.

 
“…Sup?” he says.

 
My brain scrambles. Now it’s awkward. I can feel myself rattling again.

 
“…You okay, bro?”

 
I blink. “O-oh yeah! Totally! Don’t mind me… um… dude!” I fake a laugh and keep moving. My heart accelerates. Can he tell? Does he know?

 
There’s a few odd chuckles in the background. “…Anyway… so they have like twenty cheeses… six kinds of bread…”

 
They aren’t talking about me. They don’t know. My feeble disguise is working. Even though I’m almost naked, even though my nipples are hard enough to shatter diamonds, they don’t suspect anything. They still called me bro. I almost trip as I keep moving. Hopefully, they’re getting lunch before I have to trick them a third time.

 
I’m almost done with the lap. Pressure is swelling through my body, and I think I can feel the lining of my trunks cling. My cheeks feel hot as I take a glance between my legs. Would that show? I hadn’t even considered that! As far as I can tell, the outside of my trunks aren’t showing anything. It won’t matter once I hit the water.

 
“Hey uh… this might sound awkward but um… figured I should warn you,” said a voice.

 
My eyes explode and scan every direction around me. Who’s talking to me? Where are they? Do they know?

 
“Up here!”

 
I look up and see the lifeguard atop her seat. She giggles and waves at me. “O-oh! Um, hey!” I say, trying to play it cool.

 
“Hey, um. Just saying, your chest is looking a bit pale. You might want some sun lotion,” the lifeguard says, splaying a hand over her own full, substantial chest.

 
“M-my chest?” I repeat. I take a second and look down. The skin around my chest *is* almost milky compared to my shoulders. And the lifeguard is looking right at it!

 
“Yeah. We sell lotion here but…” she looks back at the stand. “Between you and me, it’s worth the trip to the convenience store down the street. Our lotion is junk.”

 
I take a breath. “Oh… well um… I’m not gonna be too long. Just gonna have a quick swim!”

 
“Gotcha. Just figured I’d let you know. I’ve seen pale guys try our lotion and a half hour later, they look like lobsters,” she laughs.

 
“Oh, haha!” I fake a smile. “I won’t be that long! Don’t worry about me!” I wave and keep walking.

 
“I will if you drown!” the lifeguard smirks, waving back before returning her attention to the pool.

 
If I push myself much further, my heart might slam its way out of my ribcage. Still, the lifeguard’s warning has a keyword. Pale GUYS look like lobsters after using that lotion. She thinks I’m a guy. My disguise has her thinking I’m just another pale guy about to be in the sun too long. I can’t believe it’s working so well.

 
I continue my walk and finish around the corner. The water is shimmering, the sun is bear-hugging me, and all of the people here don’t know a topless girl is among them. They have no idea that they saw my chest. That they can still see the bare half of my body. A few more steps and a shadow casts over me. I gulp as I lift my head for the final challenge.

 
The diving board.

 
Just the thought of it made my knees buckle. I wrap my arms around my waist, and my smile crumples. But I’ve come this far, and this was always the plan. I have to do this. My body trembles as I approach the ladder. I take a glance around the pool. Most are minding their own business, except for the lifeguard. She lowers her sunglasses and smiles at me.

 
She’s watching. She’ll figure me out. And I can’t stop myself from placing my foot on the first step. I begin to climb, feeling the lining of the shorts shift with each movement. Do guys really find this comfortable? Or maybe it’s necessary for some reason? Either way, it kind of tickles. It’s pulling against me.

 
When I near the top, I take a breath. This is the craziest part of my plan. The part that will blur the line between human and animal. My hand drifts below the waistband of the shorts. I find the drawstrings and begin to loosen them. I take the final steps and feel them slip. Sunlight warms the top of my bare butt before my hand rescues the trunks. I look down from the view, and everyone is watching. Of course, they’re watching. I’m about to dive.

 
If I fix my trunks, I’ll look awkward. I can’t back down now. If I take too long, they’ll wonder about me. I take a deep breath and prepare to rip the band-aid off.

 
I jump and bounce on the diving board. The edge springs me high into the air. The world is spinning as I flip. I flatten my body and extend my arms. Water is hurtling towards me. I close my eyes and feel my hands cut into its surface.

 
The shorts slip off in an instant. I feel the water yank them off my hips, and they’re caught at my ankles. Water pressure is squeezing me. One last move. I draw my legs in and kick the shorts goodbye.

 
I’m naked. I’m completely naked. The shorts are drifting out of reach, and people are going to know I’m a girl. My fingers want to sprawl between my legs but I need air. I kick and climb. Even if I want to back down, I’ve lost track of my trunks.

 
When I resurface, I hear applause roaring for me. People clap and whistle.

 
“Ten out of ten!”

 
“Great form!”

 
“That looked pro!”

 
I blush, treading water, and wave back at them. Well, in all the excitement of stripping myself completely bare-ass naked, I have to admit, flipping off the board does draw attention. With or without my trunks.

 
I swim toward the edge of the pool. My heart is racing as I start to climb out. As my figure climbs from the water, I begin to hear the giggles. I’m exposed. They can see.

 
“Hey, you lost your shorts!” said the lifeguard.

 
“M-my shorts?” I fake in return. My adrenaline spills over and my balance fails. I mean to turn, to fake looking for my trunks. Instead, my ankle slips and I fall. I’m seated at the edge of the pool, and my legs spread. Everyone can see my slippery sex.

 
“Ah!” I grip the sides of the pool. There’s no way I can hide. I feel my body go rigid as hot sunlight greets the skin it never touches. All I see are eyes. Everyone is looking at me. Sunglasses lower and reveal more eyes. My heart is racing. I finally force a hand to dive between my legs. Everything it tries to protect is hot.

 
“Wait… is he…?”

 
“I don’t think he’s actually…”

 
“What are they doing?”

 
“Jeeze… get a grip…”

 
They know. And just knowing that they know makes me shiver. My body tries to compress itself, it tries to roll up into a little ball. I finally manage to clamp my soaked thighs around my hand. I can tell the dam is under stress. With one more flood of adrenaline pushing through my tight veins, I twist and scramble out of the pool.

 
Giggles taunt my ears. Cheers applaud my backside as droplets of water descend my naked ass. They know I’m a girl. They might even know I’m horny. My face is crimson as my wobbly legs attempt jogging. I stumble as I keep both hands between my legs. I aim my shoulder and shove through the door. It displays a character with a little dress.

 
I almost sprint for the shower area. At this point, I don’t check for others. There are cracks in the dam. It’s leaking, and I have to relieve the pressure.

 
My back slaps against a wall as my hands begin moving. I didn’t turn a shower head on, but my hands are still soaked with arousal. They have a mind of their own while memories replay in my brain. Simply entering the locker room started the fire. Stripping down and being steps from discovery kept my heart racing. The lap around the pool with my chest on show makes my knees buckle.

 
I gasp and bite my lip. The high dive replays in my mind. My imagination starts replaying the moment I kick the shorts off my ankles. Reliving the humid memory makes my knees buckle.

 
My moan turns into a scream and the dam explodes. I can feel my rigid figure shift. My hips jump. “F-fffuck!!!” I cry as sweet relief fogs my brain over. It’s drenching my figures with pleasure. They squeeze and dance over my twitching sex. I can’t stand, I have to lower to my knees. One hand goes to the floor to attempt balance, the other tries to prolong the pleasure.

 
Another memory begins to play. The moment everyone sees the truth. And another flood of pleasure is inside me. I can feel it. I need it. Fingers begin to push between my lips as I thrash my head around. I’m such a pervert. But it feels so good.

 
“Ahh…. ah…mmmm….” I moan. I’m an animal. Everything is just me, my nakedness, and my throbbing sex. My brain blurs memory into fantasy. I roll onto my back, still in the pool outside. My sex is unmistakable, and I can feel eyes crawling all over me. They know I’m naked. They know I’m really a girl. They know I can’t control myself. The lifeguard is watching with the widest eyes.

 
I buck my hips into the air as I scream. Everything goes white as my pulse roars in my ears. My legs kick as the pressure bursts from my pussy. It squirts beyond my toes and soaks my thighs. The tension fades and my body slumps into a lazy, limp state. I massage my labia, kneading myself in little circles, but the main pleasure fades. My chest heaves as I catch my breath, and my other hand brushes hair out of my face.

 
After the room stops spinning, I pull myself up against the cool tile wall. My face is still burning with blush, but I can’t help but smile. My hands fumble for a moment and find the handles to turn the shower on. I may not have soap, but I can still rinse.

 
Sometime later, I step out. A heavy sigh flows out. I can NOT believe I’m crazy enough to do these things. To go around topless, to go naked, to touch myself in a public shower. The memories will be good enough to get me off for a week. But at this point, I need to leave. I walk through the locker room, not bothering with a towel. I want to let the cool locker room air glide over my body one last time before I dress.

 
I pull the handle open to see an empty locker. My smile shatters. Then my jaw begins to hang. No… I didn’t. I can’t have. A shiver climbs my back as I turn and look at the locker room entrance.

 
The character has a little dress.

 
Then the door squeaks. The lifeguard steps in, her cheeks red as she shakes off some giggles. “Um… sir, this is the women’s locker room, you can’t be in…” She makes eye contact with me. “Oh my goodness,” she averts her eyes.

 
I’m a frozen deer in headlights. When she turns, my hands dive between my legs. Still, a couple of words tickle my mind. Does she not know? Does she still think…?

 
“S-sorry,” I croak. “I panicked…” My face is on fire.

 
“It’s okay,” she says, keeping her eyes off my body. “It’s not the first time I’ve seen someone lose their shorts. Probably won’t be the last. It happens.”

 
“Right… um…” I take a breath. There’s still a chance. I have to move. “I’ll um… I’ll go get my stuff then.” My hands clamp between my legs. At this point, I’m out of adrenaline and arousal. The thumps from my heart are more subtle. But I have to go outside, and this time, with no bravery-inducing hormones dulling my common sense. “Excuse me,” I step past her.

 
The lifeguard watches as I slip past her.

 
“Oh, you can at least grab a-”

 
The door drowns out the last word as I slip into the sunlight once more.
