My Girlfriend Poses For Pictures
by gremlinpi

She thought it would be a fun way to make extra money.

My girlfriend Angela was very excited when she was approached by a photographer and invited to model for him. He told her he would pay her and gave him a number to call if she was interested.

She asked me what I thought, and I told her he probably wanted to get her naked and fuck her. She pouted and said she would call anyway to see what he wanted and how much he would pay her.

The next day, she told me she had called, which seemed legitimate. He would pay her $100 just to come model some "glamour shots" and more if she would go topless or shoot playboy-style nude pictures. She told me he had a website that featured artistic photos and always needed new life models. She told me that she was going tomorrow.

I offered to go with her, but she told me she asked, and no boyfriends were allowed in the studio during a shoot. The artist told her it would make the model uncomfortable and ruin the chemistry.

I made her promise to see me after she finished her shoot and tell me how it went.

After the First Shot

Angela's shoot ran later than I expected. I knew right away that something was up. She didn't look me in the eye but wanted to kiss and make out. She gave me a deep wet kiss with a lot more tongue than usual.

She told me that it was fun. She felt at ease and not pressured into doing anything she didn't want to but did a lot more than she thought she would. He let him take pictures of her topless, and at the end, she even let him shoot photos of her pussy.

I asked her if she let him fuck her, and she said absolutely not, but she could tell that he was horny, and he made a pass at her. She said that she was so horny that I had better fuck her quickly, or she would go back and give him what he wanted.

During sex, I pressed her for more details, and she told me getting naked in front of the artist was a huge turn-on, and he shot close-up pictures of her pussy. She wondered how many thousands of guys would see her and jerk off while looking at her picture. She thought they were probably rich, older guys who couldn't get any pussy. So, maybe she did them a favor.

Afterward, I asked her if she would do more photo shoots with the artist. She told me it depended on the audience's reaction to the first set. If it were popular, he would ask her back for more. If not, then no. She said she liked doing it and would do it again if she could.

Site

The next day, I did some internet searches for the artist. I turned up a porn website that featured amateur girls. It was a paid site. It was more than I could afford then, but I used my credit card and bought access.

Once I got in, I found that the site had both "softcore" and "hardcore" pictures and movies. The softcore section had the girl next door type, pretty girls that get naked and masturbate for the camera. Some of the photographs showed the women sucking the photographer's cock.

The hardcore section featured all kinds of sex, regular, anal, two guys with a woman, and two women with a guy. There was a lot of it.

I spent hours downloading and looking at the pictures and videos. I didn't find any of Angela. Many women appeared in more than one set, but many only had one softcore set and never returned.

As far as I could tell, one guy seemed to be in all the movies. Sometimes, there was another guy, younger, but mostly it was the same photographer. Was he the artist that hired Angela? He was a few years older, maybe 30 or so. He was a little chubby and was losing his hair, but his dick looked longer and thicker than mine. I wondered again if he fucked Angela? How far did he get with her? I jerked off while watching a video of him fucking a thin red-headed woman from behind. The text caption said that the woman had a boyfriend that didn't know about the movies.

I didn't say anything to Angela about the site. I wasn't sure if it was even the right one. But I checked on it daily for anything new and jerked off every time.

About a week later, there was a notice on the home page of a new softcore picture set. I clicked on it, and my heart jumped when I saw Angela's picture. I also got an instant erection.

I opened my fly and slowly stroked my dick while I looked at the pictures. They started with Angela dressed in a sexy outfit that she liked. The photos showed her slowly removing one item at a time. I wondered how far she would take it. She got completely naked, then posed for the camera. She showed the audience her ass, then sat with her legs spread open and played with her pussy. She even finger fucked herself for the camera.

Then the camera showed her pulling out a large vibrator. Not just any vibrator, but her favorite, one I bought her. She used it for the camera and fucked herself to what looked like a good orgasm.

I realized that if she had brought the vibrator, she had to have planned to use it ahead of time. We kept it at my apartment. She had to put it in her purse the day before and return it after the shoot. She didn't just "do a little more than she planned" on the spur of the moment. She knew that she was going to masturbate on camera.

The last couple of pictures showed Angela sucking the cameraman's cock! Angela loves to give head, and she did a great job getting most of his long dick in her mouth before he came across her smiling face. The last picture showed her with a big smile with cum dripping down her chin and over her breasts while she fingered herself.

I came while I looked at that last picture.

I still didn't tell Angela about the site. She obviously didn't want to freak me out. I saw her that night, and we had great sex. I imagined her sucking the cameraman's dick while I came.

A few days later, I found a new video on the site. It was made at the same time as the photo set of Angela and was a 10-minute video of Angela going down on the artist. She looked enthusiastic and jerked and sucked him to completion without the guy having to finish it himself. She looked proud of herself when he started coming into her mouth and all over her face.

I realized that Angela had kissed me with a lot of tongue that night when she came over after sucking him off. While I watched the video, I masturbated and came.

The next few days, I jerked off to Angela's video. I got instantly hard every time I saw it.

Next Session

I was in bed with Angela, having slow, leisurely sex. On weekends, we spent most of the day in the sack, slowly fucking while we talked. While on her, I asked if she had heard back from the photographer about another photo session.

She told me that the photographer called last week and asked her to come back in. I immediately got even harder inside her. I asked her if she was going to do it. "Ugh, huh," She grunted. It could have been my imagination, but she seemed to get much wetter and slippery.

She told me she might have to go further than last time but wouldn't tell me when the session was because she "didn't want to freak me out." I asked her if she would be nude, and she said, "Yeah, I think I will." I asked her if she would "do stuff," She shrugged and said she "might." It depended on what the director asked her to do and if she felt ok with it.

Knowing that she would probably get fucked five different ways should have pissed me off. I knew what the girls did on the website. They had sex on camera. But I was rock hard, and I didn't want to admit that I looked at her pictures and beat off to them. Besides, we were having great sex, and I didn't want to spoil the moment.

She told me that having so many guys see her naked turned her on. After we both came, she told me she thought it was cool that I was so supportive.

I saw her several times that week, but she said nothing, so I assumed the shoot didn't happen yet. That weekend, we were in bed, and I asked her about it. She told me that she already had it last Tuesday! We had already had sex, but I started to get hard again.

I asked her what had happened, and she told me it was more or less like the first shoot. She had to prance around with her clothes off, and the artist shot pictures of her in "compromising positions." She said the artist had her "do more stuff" than last time.

When I asked her for more detail, she noticed how erect I was, and she teased me that I was "getting off" on other guys seeing her naked. She started sucking me, and while doing it, I wondered how long I would have to wait for them to post the pictures.

As it turned out, I didn't have to wait very long. The next day, after Angela left, I went to the site and saw a new "hardcore" picture set! I looked at the first picture and saw my girlfriend smiling face. I pulled down my pants and slowly started stroking myself while I looked at the pictures. It was hardcore, so that meant she fucked someone.

The following pictures showed Angela posing with a good-looking guy! It wasn't the photographer, but he was in many of the other "hardcore" picture sets. He had a good build and a long, thick dick. Angela didn't look unhappy.

The following few photos showed Angela and the guy undressing each other. Angela's eyes got huge when she saw how big he was.

They sucked each other. Picture after picture showed Angela sucking his dick and trying to get as much of him in her mouth as she could. He spread open her pussy and fingered and licked her.

He fucked her. He fucked her a lot in every position imaginable. It looked like she came more than once.

Angela licked her juices off his dick and let him cum on her face. There were several close up's of her cum covered face.

The last four pictures were the most erotic of the group. They showed Angela, still covered with cum feeling the photographer's dick through his open zipper, then sucking him. The next picture showed her smiling back at the camera as the photographer fucked her from behind. The last picture was a close-up of her open pussy with the photographer's cum dripping out the bottom. Angela was masturbating, rubbing her clit in the throes of an orgasm.

I came hard when I saw that last photo.

Wow! My girlfriend fucked two guys on camera! Worse, she stayed over that night, and we had sex. I had sloppy seconds and didn't know it!

I remembered that Angela had been eager to have sex that night, and she kissed me a lot and wanted me to down on her. She seemed very wet then, but I didn't know she had a pussy full of cum and had sex with two guys! Did she at least wipe off her face? I was both a little creeped out and turned on simultaneously.

I jerked off again that night looking at the pictures, and when Angela came over Monday night, I jumped her and got her into bed. She giggled that I was so eager.

Confession

We were having sex, doggie style, when her phone rang. She reached over the side of the bed and fished through her pants pocket while I still fucked her and answered the phone. I stopped fucking her so she could talk. I didn't pull out but just waited for her to finish.

I could only hear one side of the conversation. Angela seemed reluctant to talk to whoever it was, but I heard, "Hi!... Ok... How much?... What will I have to do?.... Ok." Then she hung up.

Angela groaned and pulled away, and flopped on the bed. I lay down next to her and asked her who it was.

"That photographer. He confirmed another photo shoot for this week, but I don't think I should do it." She said.

"Why not? I thought you liked it?"

"Yeah, I do. It's fun, and the money is good, but he wants me to do more stuff...." She said.

"What kind of stuff?" I asked.

"Like the kind of stuff that a girl shouldn't be doing if she had a boyfriend." She answered.

"Like sex stuff?" I asked

"Yea, like sex stuff." She apologized, said she would cancel the shoot, and climbed on top of me in a 69 so I wouldn't ask her any more questions.

I wasn't sure how I felt. I didn't want her to have sex with anyone else, but I was disappointed that I wouldn't see any more videos.

The following day after Angela left for work, I checked the site to see if anything was new. Sure enough, there was a new video posted. It was Angela, apparently taken during the last shoot. It was about 10 minutes long of her licking the good-looking guy's dick clean of her pussy. Over the audio, I could hear her talking about tasting herself on his dick. She let him jerk off and cum over her breasts and face.

After the first guy came, I could hear the cameraman order Angela to come over and suck him too. She submissively unzipped his pants and fished out his erection.

She looked almost eager when he told her to turn around so he could mount her from behind.

I was still watching and getting close to coming when my phone rang.

I swore and paused the video and answered. It was Angela, and she was crying. It took me a minute to understand what she was saying, but she had lost her job.

The small company she worked for went bankrupt! What's worse, they don't have money to pay anyone. She wouldn't get paid for the work she already did. She worked the last two weeks for free. Her rent was due in two days, and she didn't know what to do!

She was a little calmer when she came over. We cuddled with our clothes on for a change, and she told me about how she got work and the door was locked, and everyone milled around and tried to find out what happened. The bottom line was that the company ran out of money. They thought they would get a loan, but it fell through at the last minute, so they are out of business.

She had some money from her modeling job but was counting on her paycheck to pay her rent. She kicked herself for buying some new clothes with the extra money.

She would have to go through with the photo session after all. She hoped that I understood. She needed the money.

I told her it was ok.

She said it was good that she hadn't canceled her photo shoot the next day. She put off making the call because she didn't want the photographer to give her a hard time. She wondered if he could pay her right away rather than mail the check a few days later as he did before.

She picked up her phone and called him. I heard her explain her situation and asked if he could pay her right away and if there was any way he could pay more than they had talked about before.

There was a pause while she listened. She moved further away from me. "Anything! I'll do anything you want." She told him. She listened some more "Ok..." She said much quieter. Whatever it was, she wasn't happy about it. "...How much?" She asked. There was another pause. "... Ok. How much if I do that?" She listened some more. "Ok, I'll do it. Can you pay me on the same day?" She seemed happier now. "Ok. Same time? I'll see you then!" She said as she hung up.

She turned back to me. She didn't make eye contact.

"Well?" I asked her. From what I heard, I knew she would get her money to pay her rent, but she would have to do much more than she had planned. I wondered what she had to agree to and how much she would tell me. I felt myself get erect.

She looked down at the floor and started to cry. She feared I would be mad at her and wanted reassurance.

I hugged her, and she melted into my arms. She had to feel my erection, but she didn't react. I held her until she calmed down. She let me undress her. I climbed on top and slid my dick into her. She was soaking wet.

"What did you have to agree to?" I asked her as we made love.

"He wants me to pose with another woman!" She told me. "He has to pay both of us, so he can't pay me as much as last time, but he can give me a check tomorrow and call another photographer he knows to see if he can get more work for me."

Another woman! I imagined watching the video of her having sex with a woman. Angela noticed how hard I was and teased me about it.

We made love for a while. Angela was on top when her cell phone rang. She picked it up, still rocking slowly on me. I heard her talking. She sounded excited.

"Yea?... How much does he pay?... Is it safe? He's not like an ax murderer or anything?... What do I have to do?... Ok... Can he pay upfront?... Ok... Ok...." She spoke into the phone.

As she spoke, she kept slowly fucking me. She absent-mindedly played with herself, her mind on the conversation.

"When?... Today? Ok! I'll be there."

Angela hung up and told me that she had an interview! She told me it was the photographer on the phone, but he knew a guy who needed a model. The other guy saw her pictures and liked her. Best of all, he could pay her today! But she had to leave right away to get there on time. She leaned down, kissed me, and told me she had to go, but we could finish sex after her interview.

She felt good, and I didn't want her to leave, especially since I knew that she was probably going to have to have sex with a stranger! I was rock hard, and Angela felt wet, too, like the thought of getting naked and fucking someone on camera for money turned her on.

I wanted to cum, but Angela didn't want me to get her all sticky before her interview. I asked her if she was going to be naked. She nodded and said that she probably would.

Angela climbed off me. My dick slid out of her and slapped against my stomach with a wet slap. As I watched Angela get dressed, she promised to make it up to me when she returned.

She was gone for a long time. Finally, that night, she knocked on the door. She looked embarrassed and guilty. She apologized that the taping had gone late. I went up to hug her, but she pulled away and said she was all sweaty from the lights and probably smelled. I told her that she smelled good, and she melted into my arms.

She felt my erection pressing against her, and she squeezed it with her hand and said it felt like "I was happy to see her."

Without asking her, she knelt in front of me, unbuttoned my jeans, and pulled down my pants and undershorts. My erection bounced up in down, and she put it in her mouth. Angela was always good at giving blowjobs, and I enjoyed the feeling. Then, to my surprise, she pushed her mouth down on my erection until her nose pressed against my stomach.

I groaned at the unexpected feeling of my dick squeezing into her throat. She had never done that to me before! I suspected that it was something that she had learned at her interview today. I would ask her but I didn't want to spoil the moment.

She wanted to shower before we fooled around, but let me undress her. I didn't see any evidence of sex. I picked her up by the ass, and she spread her legs around me and let me fuck her while I carried her into the bedroom. It wasn't difficult to enter her. She was wet, and I slid into her with no trouble.

On the bed, while I fucked her, I asked how her interview went? She told me that it went great! She told me that the guy was friendly and easy to be around. He put her fears at ease. She told me he was kind of chubby and not good-looking, but that made it easier because he didn't seem very threatening. He didn't push her to do anything she wasn't ready for.

I asked her if he shot any pictures or video today or if it was just talking. She told me no, he had a camera the whole time and made her undress.

I asked her what he wanted the pictures for, but she wasn't sure. She assumed that he would make a DVD or put them on a website. I was disappointed that I wouldn't be able to see them!

She told me that he didn't pay her yet. He was a video producer and would set something up for her and pay her after the shoot. She was nervous that it was going to cut it close. If the shoot was delayed or fell through for some reason, or if they didn't pay her when they said they would, she wouldn't be able to pay her rent. She was worried that she would get stiffed.

She stayed the night. The following day, she wouldn't let me fool around because she had to meet the first photographer and pose with the other woman.

Before she left, she called the producer to see if he had set up the video shoot for her. I heard them talking. She didn't seem happy. She just meekly said "ok..." repeatedly, like she was going along with something she didn't want to do.

I asked her if everything was ok when she got off. She looked troubled but wouldn't tell me why. She said the shoot was on for tomorrow, but they wanted her to work harder than expected. She wouldn't meet my eyes.

She didn't get back till late. She looked tired. She told me it was fun! She said that she posed with another woman and was very pretty and I would like her!

I was already looking forward to seeing her pictures on the website, but I couldn't tell her that. I wondered how long it would be before I could see them.

We got undressed and started fooling around. Angela spent a lot of time sucking me. She told me the other girl's name was "Lisa." She was very tall and thin.

I wanted to know what they did, and Angela told me they posed together.

"Did you touch her?" I asked

"Hmm, Hmm." She said, with her lips still around my cock

"Did you touch her pussy?" I wanted to know

"Yep."

"Did she touch you?"

"Yeah." She said. "Neither of us had ever been with a woman before, so the photographer told us what to do, and we did it. We had to touch each other, put our fingers up the other's pussy, and even lick each other. She has long fingers, and the photographer even had her slide them into my rear! It was intense! I came five times, and the photographer taped the whole thing!"

We had sex, and I pounded her while she told me more about it. She described the smell and taste of the other girl. She even told me that the photographer fucked Lisa while she was going down on her. I wanted to ask if he fucked her too, but I didn't want to ruin the mood. I knew he did, and I could watch the video and jerk off. I couldn't wait.

Afterward, we relaxed and ordered a pizza.

Angela used my computer to check her email. She often did that, and I didn't think much about it.

Angela called me over. To my horror, she was at the photographer's website! I realized I should have cleared my browser history after checking the site for new updates while waiting for Angela to return from her photo session.

Right on the main page was a big picture of Angela with the photographer's cock in her mouth! It was one of the pictures from an early session.

Angela was shocked and speechless and embarrassed that I saw her pictures. I was embarrassed that she caught me too. I tried to deny it and say I didn't know it was her, but it was a blatant lie.

She looked at some of the pictures. She was embarrassed. She said that she never saw them before and didn't think anyone she knew would find them!

She checked my download folder and found the video files. She opened one and watched with her mouth open the video of the well-endowed guy fucking her. She just kept saying, "oh my god!" repeatedly. She was blushing beat red. She opened some of the other videos, and they were even worse.

She was mad at me! She demanded to know how I could watch it without telling her! She called me a pervert for jerking off while watching her.

I had to remind her that they paid her to make the videos so that guys could jerk off while watching her have sex and that she seemed to be enjoying it in the videos.

Then she started to cry. She hugged me and exclaimed that she didn't know what to do. She hoped that I didn't think that she was a total slut. She had a session scheduled with the new video producer in the morning and didn't want to do it.

She said that the guy was an absolute sleaze ball, and she had to have sex with him yesterday at the interview, and he taped the whole thing and was probably going to use it. But he wouldn't pay her unless she does another taping tomorrow. He knew she needed the money, so she had to agree that "anything goes." They can do anything they want for her.

She left. Angela said that she had to think things over and wasn't sure if she would go through with the taping or how she felt about us.

I hoped that I wasn't losing her. I felt pretty shitty about the whole thing and wasn't sure if I would ever see her again.

I heard her use her key late the next day and come in. I rushed to the door and saw her.

She looked tired. She smiled at me and said, "Hi."

She told me that she went through with the session and got paid. Her rent check wasn't going to bounce. She just got done and was hoping for some company.

I hugged her, and she started crying into my shoulder. She smelled like sex and sweat. She kind of stunk.

She said that she needed a shower alone. She was in the shower for a long time. She finally came out with a towel wrapped around her. She lay next to me on the bed. We hugged.

I removed the towel and looked at her. She had a couple of burses around her neck and thigh and some hickeys on her breasts. She lay exposed to me, letting me look as if she was allowing me to see her guilt and shame.

"I hope you don't mind if we don't have sex. I am very sore. The shower felt good, but I still feel dirty, like I can't get clean." She reached over and felt my erection through my pants. "I'll help you get off if you want. Here, take these off".

I undressed, and we cuddled. Angela toyed with my erection while we talked. I asked her how it went.

"Are you sure you want to know?" She asked. "You know what they made me do? Right?"

I assured her that it was ok. I knew that she had sex with other men in front of a camera. I responded to her touch. I was very hard now.

"It was worse than I feared. I was afraid he knew I needed the money and would have to do anything he wanted. Boy, was I right!" She told me

"I go there, and Jerry, the guy I interviewed yesterday, had six other guys there waiting for me! And they all looked like bodybuilders! They were just standing around naked, playing with their dicks!"

"Did they have big dicks?" I asked her.

"God, yes! Huge!" Her eyes were open wide. She showed me with her hands, about twice as thick as I was and much longer. "I had to give Jerry a blowjob, and he fucked me at the interview, but he was nothing like these guys! And they all popped pills like candy so they could keep it up even after they came." She told me.

"They fucked my ass! I was all slicked up with lube, but I felt like I would split open, especially the first time! They even squeezed two of their big dicks in my pussy at the same time!" I was rock hard in her hand and felt like I might cum soon. "They stretched your little girlfriend out. They rubbed against each other's dick's in my pussy. I could feel one cum in me, and it would get all slippery, then another one would take its place."

I couldn't take it. I came in Angela's hand and spurted cum over her hand and stomach, but she kept talking.

"They didn't just make one movie! Jerry shot enough footage for at least five scenes! You will probably be able to find them if you go into an adult video store. In between scenes, he fucked me and let the cameramen fuck me too."

I was hard again, and she stroked me while telling me about all the depraved things Jerry made her do. They had all her holes and kept at least one cock in her most of the day, often two or even three.

"The worst part was when they checked me out." She told me. She looked ashamed, like she was confessing her deepest sins. "One of the strong guys fucked me hard with my legs up over his shoulder so he could ram it in really deep, and I could feel him hitting the end of my vagina. Then she put his hand around my neck and choked me! I thought he was going to kill me and I was going to die. But they let me breathe just a little. Just before I passed out, I had the strongest orgasm of my life! I got off a few times when we started, but this was after hours of sex! I felt things get fuzzy and start to go dark, and I felt my pussy clamp around his dick, and it wouldn't stop. I couldn't breathe and fought, but I couldn't move! I knew I would die, and I just kept cumming until everything went dark! They brought me around with the guy still in me. I was so limp I was like a dish rag! He pulled out and came on my face, and another guy fucked my pussy, and I even came again. I couldn't even move!"

It bothered her, her brush with death and her reaction to it.

She let me jerk off and cum again on her breasts, and then we fell asleep in each other arms.

The next day she was much more refreshed. We made love, and she even let me try her rear! I had to be gentle and use lots of lube, but she said it was ok. I came there.

Angela wanted to see the movies of her that I had downloaded. I showed her the site, and we watched them together. She told me about how they made it and how she felt then. She said it seemed so long ago now, and the pictures looked so innocent and naive.

I was surprised when the site posted a message of a new "hardcore" picture set of Angela and Lisa. I had never seen the pictures of her and the other woman before, and we both got naked and made love while we looked at them. Lisa was one of the women that appeared in some of the other photo shoots. The pictures showed the two women touching and licking each other, then the photographer got evolved and had sex with both of them. Angela was embarrassed, but I wasn't surprised.

That was the end of Angela's career as a porn star. It was too much for her, and she had enough. We eventually broke up because we both wanted to date other people. A few years later, I was in a porn store when I found Angela's smiling face on a DVD cover. I eagerly bought it and jerked off while I watched it, reliving memories of the best lover I ever had.
