Our Home For A While

Chapter One

Our city, at one time, had the lowest unemployment rate in the country. We had factories that made just about anything. We had stores that sold those things. We had rail yards that shipped them. We had trucking companies that also shipped them. Night and day, we were a bustling town. That was then.

Now, even the city council has given up. For years, they wouldn't let a building stand that had been abandoned. Now...? A house will burn to the ground before the fire department gets there. Now, we have the highest unemployment AND crime rates in the nation. 

I don't remember too much about the town's collapse, though I was born and raised there. It all turned around for us when Mom lost her job at the big box store down the street. They had just merged with another. We had the first store of the merger that had everything from groceries, to hardware, to material to build houses, and flowers for the yard. She was happy with her job. That was then.

Dad had lost his job at one of the factories about six months before that. He looked for another job, but had no luck. One morning, he left to go look some more, and never returned. Mom went on welfare when she lost her job, but someone introduced her to drugs. My two sisters and I were left on our own then. 

I was an eleven year old boy tasked with caring for his nine and ten year old sisters. Mom was seldom around. When she was, she was high. I would distract her while one of the girls would get money off her so we could get something to eat. One time, we got caught. She went into a rage and we all left. We finally stopped about a block away.

"What are we going to do now, John?" Amy asked. She is my older sister.

"I...don't know," I said, as I tried to catch my breath. Bethany started crying. I wrapped my arms around her. "We'll think of something. Let me think. We need to find somewhere to spend the night. It's supposed to rain."

We started walking, avoiding anyone that we saw along the way. That was mostly thugs. If I had been alone, I could have dealt with them. I knew most of them anyway. I had my two sisters with me though. I didn't want to take the chance. We couldn't avoid them all, though. We didn't get all that far when we saw a big group of them.

"Follow me," I told the girls.

It just so happened that we were coming up on the store that Mom had worked at. It was almost as big as some of the factories that had been there. Even the black top parking lot was overgrown with weeds, grass and trees. That helped us, so we headed for the back side. Once around the corner, we stopped and I looked back. 

"I don't think they saw us," I said. "They're just walking on by."

"I'm scared," Bethany said. "Are they going to kill us?"

"They'll have to go through me first," I told her. "Let's see if there's a way inside. At least we can stay dry for the night."

We didn't have to go far. There were three dock doors a few yards away. There was also a service door next to them. The service door had been broken open, and was just pushed closed.

"We're in luck," I told them, as I slowly pushed the rusty door open." This has been like this for a while. The hinges are rusted."

I got it open and we stepped in. It took a while for our eyes to adjust, but when they did, we couldn't believe what we saw. 

"They didn't take anything out of here when they closed up," I said. "It's just like it was."

We had entered into the lumber department. It looked to me as if there was enough lumber there to rebuild the whole town. We started walking.

"I wonder if the rest of the store is like this," Amy said. Bethany perked up then.

"Can we go see if they left any dresses? Please."

"Let's wait for John. We need to stick together for now."

I closed the door the best I could, then I looked for things I could use to brace it shut. I did. With the girls' help, we got it pretty secure. We headed on through the store.

It was a good thing that the woman's department is near the front of the store, and there was still a little bit of light outside. That didn't last long, though.

"We need somewhere to sleep for the night," I told them. "Where are the pillows and blankets. We can pile up enough for tonight, then think of something else later."

"I wonder if the plumbing is still running," Amy said.

"Probably not."

"Well, we need to find out. We have to go."

I looked around. We were near the registers up front, so I headed there. I walked up and down and finally found what I was looking for...flashlights. I picked out three, then found batteries. 

"Don't turn yours on yet," I told them. I turned mine on with my hand over the lens. I had just enough light to see where I was going. "Follow me."

We had to go to the back of the store. About half way there, I took my hand off the lens. We could see better then. The door to the lady's room was blocked, so we went into the men's room.

"What are those?" Bethany asked, pointing to the urinals on the wall.

"Boys stand up to pee, so they go there," Amy told them.

"What if they have to poo?"

"Then they use a toilet like we do."

"That's stupid."

We left there and looked around the back of the store a little. Bethany was in her glory in the toy department, Amy just looked at anything and everything, and I went to the sports department. There was a big surprise for me there. They hadn't taken any of the guns or ammo either. Amy came up behind me.

"I think I know where we're going to sleep tonight," she said. "That tent."

Sure enough, I looked at where she was pointing. There was a tent in the middle of the floor, with smaller ones around it.

"Either we can have our own, or we can all sleep in the big one."

"It would be safer if we use the big one." I turned back to the guns. "I need to get at those so we really are safe."

"You know, the water is still running. I wonder if the electric is still on too," she said. "Mom worked in this department. She said that that case has an alarm that goes right to the police station."

"I guess I'll just have to find some keys then."

We looked everywhere for keys, but couldn't find any. We finally gave up and concentrated on getting ready to go to bed. One of the cases was unlocked that had knives in it, so I went through and picked out a couple. One of them even strapped to my leg.

The tent was on the hard floor, so we found some air mattresses. Amy went and brought back some sheets and blankets for them, then went back and got three pillows. The tent wasn't big enough to separate the mattresses, so we had them all together. There was no center pole, so they went in ok.

"I need some pajamas," Bethany said. "I can't sleep in these clothes."

"Ok," Amy said. "Let's go find us some."

"Keep your hand on the lens," I told her. 

While they were gone, I looked around some more. I found things to use, like a small battery operated lamp that we could put in the tent. I also found water bottles, so I went to the bathroom and filled them. I also found something that I had overlooked before. It was a pump action BB riffle. There were about ten on the shelf. I took two and got them out of the boxes. I found about twenty or so boxes of BB's and filled them. I was ready then.

The girls came back wearing long nightgowns. Bethany slid right into bed, and was asleep in no time. Amy had three folding chairs. She opened them and we sat.

"How long do you think we can stay here, John?"

"I don't know. They left everything here. I'm sure there's some food around. They have those MRE's right over there. If nothing else, we can eat those."

"I wonder if we could stay here a long time."

"Well, let's see. As long as they leave the water on, we'll have enough to drink. That doesn't include the sodas and other drinks we might find. There are cook stoves over there, so we can cook or just heat water for whatever we need."

"We'll have to do that to wash up. I doubt there are any showers here."

"I found a camping shower over there. I could probably put that in the bathroom. They have drains in the floors in there."

"I'm just scared that we'll be caught in here."

"Better by the police than those thugs. We'll have to watch ourselves. During the day, if we stay away from the front doors, we'll be fine. At night, we'll have to limit our lights to back here, and only when we need them."

"The first thing we're going to do is find some clean clothes," she said. "We tossed what we had on, and you should too. We haven't had any clean clothes since school let out. It's not like we don't have anything to choose from."

"Ok. I can take a hint." I grabbed my flashlight, then stood up. "You go on to bed. I'll find something to wear and be back in a few minutes."

I found the boy's department, then the pajamas. I dropped everything I had on, then put just the pants of one pair on. When I got back, I found that the girls had left the center mattress for me. I zipped up the front of the tent, lay down, then turned the light off. I don't know how long I lay there, but all I could think about was what would happen if we were caught.













Chapter Two

As it turned out, the electric was still on. We found that out when we got to the grocery section the next day. The coolers that the meat and vegetables were in were running fine. The freezers were on too. I took out some sort of meal that was in the freezer and opened it.

"It's freezer burned," Amy said. "We can't eat that."

"The ice cream looks fine," Bethany said. "All we need are spoons."

We went up and down the aisles, picking out things we could eat. 

"We won't have to worry about milk," Amy said. "There is a whole shelf of powdered milk back there. I just have to find something to make it in."

"Good," Bethany said. "Then we can have milk and cookies." She was eating some as she walked toward us.

"If we plan it right, we can live here for a long time," Amy said.

"Yeah. Until someone comes in and finds us."

--------------------

Over the next few weeks, we managed to clear out a big section around our tent, then set everything up as we needed it. With the help of some lumber and other materials, we even managed to build walls around most of the department. It wasn't the best, but it worked. 

We limited most of our activity to the daytime hours. We stood a much less chance of anyone seeing us. Back there, if it wasn't for the skylights, we wouldn't have any light during the day. That applied all over the store.

"Do you realize that we haven't changed in over two weeks?" Amy said one night. "Did you ever set up that shower?"

"No. I had a better idea though. All I need is some hose."

"For what?"

"I found the water heater. It's near the bathrooms, so it should be easy. I had to break the door open to get to it. If I hook a hose to that, we can run it into the bathroom and take a shower."

"Won't that be too hot?"

"I didn't think of that. I'll have to look around tomorrow. I'm sure I'll be able to come up with something."

I was up before the girls the next day. I went over to the hardware section and found a shower head and set up that I could use. It took me a while, but I found everything I needed to hook it up to two garden hoses. It took me most of the day, but I finally got it hooked up.

"Does it work?" Amy asked.

"I haven't tested it yet. Back up."

I had it attached to the front of one of the toilet stalls. I stood to one side as the girls backed up. As soon as I turned the water on, it broke one of the connections. We were all drenched before I could get the water turned off. We stood there and laughed.

"That's the closest we've been to a shower in a long time," Amy said. "It's too bad it was just cold water."

"Yeah. The hot water has to come a distance to get here. When I have it right, you'll have to wait for it."

"I guess we can finally get some clean clothes too. We've been so busy we haven't even changed out of these pajamas." She looked around. "Where's Bethany?"

"Going pee," we heard from one of the stalls. Just then, she came out of that stall...with nothing on.

"BETHANY!"

"It was wet. I don't like having a wet nightgown on."

"But...you can't walk around naked. Your brother is here."

"So? You might as well not have anything on either. I can see right through yours."

Amy looked down at herself, then pulled the front of her nightgown away from her body. She looked at me, then turned red. She grabbed Bethany's hand and they left the bathroom. I got busy making repairs to our 'shower'.

I came to realize something else I goofed on. I should have put the shower on the inside of the handicap stall. That is the farthest from the door, and the largest. I was in there taking a shower one night, when the door flew open. It was Amy.

"I have to pee real bad." 

I guess she wasn't thinking. She started to run past me, but didn't make it. She slipped and fell on her ass. Her legs came up and her nightgown went to her waist. Her head must have bounced on the floor because her hand went to the back of it and she groaned. 

"I guess you can go right here," I said.

"I think I already did." There was so much water on the floor that I couldn't tell...until I smelled it. "Oh what the hell." She reached down and pulled her legs back, then let her stream fly. I stood there in amazement. She stood up, looked at me, then pulled her nightgown over her head. "Pass me the soap, please."

Now, I was old enough to know what I was looking at. In a few minutes, it showed. Amy stood there, naked, washing herself. After she had everything she could reach, she asked me to wash her back. With cold hands, I did.

"You're not saying anything."

"What am I supposed to say?" I asked her.

"Is this the first time you've touched a girl?"

"Except when I bathed Bethany when she was a baby."

"I like it when you wash my back. Maybe we should all shower at the same time."

"Bethany too?"

"Why not? You've already given her baths."

"That was when she was just a baby."

"I'm sure she wouldn't mind now. We could ask her."

"What about when we get older and you get...?"

"Titties? If we do it now, you'll be able to watch them grow. I think they're starting now. See?"

She reached around and grabbed my hands, then slid them around and covered her nipples. She moved them over them, then pushed them into her chest.

"Then, we're all going to grow hair down here." She slid one hand down to cover her mound. "In fact, it would be better if we just didn't wear anything at all. That way we could watch each other grow."

"You mean, run around here naked?"

"Yeah. It's just us. We don't have to worry about anyone coming in here."

"I don't know, sis."

"Ok. Hold on." 

She broke away from me, then opened the door. Bethany was right outside, and Amy told her to come in. She headed right for the toilet.

"Bethany," Amy said. "John and I would like to take our clothes off and not put any back on."

"You're already naked."

"What I mean is..."

"I know what you mean." She stepped out of the stall without her nightgown on. "Can he give me a bath too?"

"Only if he washes ALL of you."

"Even my..."

"Even your..."

"Ok." She handed me the soap.

I started with her back, then ran all the way down. I even got her butt crack. She turned around and I started with her chest. When I got far enough, I stopped.

"Are you sure you want me to wash there?"

"You used to."

"I said ALL of her," Amy said.

I tentatively washed her pussy mound as she spread her legs, then went on down to her feet. I stood up and let her rinse off.

"Now you can wash Amy," Bethany said.

"She already..."

"It's only fair," Amy said. She handed me the soap, then took the wash cloth from me. "You won't need this either. And John... ALL."

I started with her back too. I worked on down to her butt, making sure it was clean, then on down. She turned around. I lightly passed my hands over her nipples as I washed her chest. She groaned and smiled up at me. I did her stomach, then went to her mound. She spread her legs too, and I made sure she was good and clean there. I went on down, then stood up. She rinsed off, then turned to me.

"Our turn," she said, as she took the soap from me.

"Both of us?" Bethany said.

"I don't see why not. We could do this every night."









Chapter Three

Bethany was just tall enough to reach my shoulders in the back. She took her time. Amy started with my chest and worked down. When she got to it, she slid her hand between my legs, then back. She slid her hand along the under side of my dick, then held just the head on her fingertips.

"Does it hurt when it gets hard?"

"No."

"Let's find out what will happen if I do this."

She slid her hand down the length of my dick. At the same time, Bethany had reached my butt hole and was really rubbing it. There were a few times that her fingertips hit my balls. Amy continued what she was doing.

"I'm going to make a mess, sis."

"So? We can wash off. Maybe you can wash it off of us."

She was standing right in front of me. She watched what she was doing for a few minutes, then stepped toward me until my dick head was touching her stomach. That did it. I had the greatest climax of my life right there. She kept sliding her hand until I finally pulled her hand away.

"Did I do that right?" she asked me.

"Yes," I said, as I tried to catch my breath.

"Good. Now you get to wash it off of me."

I looked and saw that my goo had hit her stomach, but was now going between her legs. I grabbed the soap and began cleaning. She seemed to like what I was doing. I pulled my hand away, but she put it back.

"Girls can have fun too," she said. "Rub your hand up and down on my pussy."

This was something I'd only dreamed of. I hesitantly started rubbing my hand on her. She turned around and backed into me, and my dick went right into her ass crack. She opened her legs a little more and as my dick hardened again, it went along her inner leg and touched her pussy.

"Damn," I said.

As I passed my hand along her mound, one finger slid between her lips. She gasped, then her head went back.

"Yes. Right there."

I had no idea what she was talking about, but I kept doing what I was doing. Bethany stood in front of us and was looking at what I was doing.

"Can you do that to me too?" she asked.

"Maybe," I said.

"Yes," Amy said. "He's going to do it to you next."

I really wasn't prepared for what happened in about fifteen minutes. Amy let out a scream that must have filled that whole store. Her knees buckled, but I caught her. Her body was jerking a lot too. After a while, she calmed down. 

She didn't make me move my hand, but she stood up and trapped my dick between her legs. For reasons unknown to me at the time, I pushed in. As I did, I climaxed again. That time, it went all over Bethany's face because she had her head down there watching.

"Wow," Bethany said. "Is that the stuff that makes babies?"

"Yes," Amy said. "But only if it goes inside you."

"How does it get inside you?"

"He would have to stick it into your pussy."

"That big thing would fit?"

"Maybe when you're older."

"Does it feel good when he rubs it there?"

"More than you know, little sister."

Amy stepped from in front of me, then put Bethany in her place. Bethany was a few inches shorter than her sister. I had an idea. I shut the water off, then pulled her into the larger stall. I sat on the toilet, then put her in my lap. I had her drape her legs over the sides of mine then.

"You really want me to do this, sis?"

"Yes. I want to feel good too."

I pulled her back, then put my hand on her mound. My finger went between her lips and she gasped.

"It'll feel better than this, right?"

"Much better," Amy said.

Amy knelt in front of us. She put her hands on my knees at first, then moved them toward us. She eventually slid her hand down my shaft, then put it against our sister's pussy. She continued stroking the under side though. It was about ten or fifteen minutes later that Bethany started hopping around.

"I...gotta...pee real bad."

"No," Amy said. "That's not pee. Wait for it."

Sure enough, Bethany doubled forward, then sprang backward as she climaxed. Amy had me on edge too, and I let go right then. Amy had her face almost right between our legs. My goo went all over her face, and some went into her mouth. She waited until I was empty, then backed off, licking her lips.

"There's a girl in my class that says that she sucks on her brothers all the time," Amy said. "She said that she loves the taste. I can see why now." She got a glob that was running off her upper lip. "One of them rubs it on her pussy, then her sister licks it off. She likes that too."

"Does that mean that we have to lick it off of each other?" Bethany asked.

"Not unless you want to."

"I don't think I will."

"For now," Amy said, as she stood up. "Right now, we have to take another shower and go to bed. We can do this again tomorrow."

We got cleaned up and went off to bed. I lay there awake for some time. I could tell by her breathing that Bethany was asleep.

"Do they really do that?" I whispered.

"That's what she told us. She said that her brothers lick her there too."

"Why would they do that?"

"Because it feels better than your finger. That's what she said."

"Wow. I never heard about that. What else do they do?"

"One of them sticks his thing in her."

"I thought you said..."

"She uses some kind of cream stuff that she squirts in there first. Her and her sister both use it. Her sister is old enough to buy it."

"I wonder where she gets it."

"They might have some here. I'll look tomorrow."

"Does that mean that you want me to stick it in you?"

"Maybe. Go to sleep now."

--------------------

It felt strange not wearing anything to bed. I was a little hesitant to get out of bed the next morning because I had a pee hard going on real strong. I finally said what the hell, and went for it. Both my sisters were awake and watched me leave. It was limp when I got back.

"I like it better when it's hard," Amy said. She smiled, then walked off.

I ran up behind her and grabbed her ass cheeks.

"I know how it can get hard," I said.

"It will have to be after I pee." 

She swatted my hands away, then walked off. I didn't see her for another hour or so. When she walked up, she had something in her hand.

"I found it. I don't know if this is the brand she uses, but it's the right stuff."

She sat down, opened the box, then pulled a piece of paper out. As she read, she picked up parts and looked at them. 

"It says that I have to put it in me just before you stick your...penis...in me. Is that what it's called?"

"Penis, dick, cock. It's all the same thing."

"Just like pussy, cunt and twat, right?" I nodded. "Jenny said that her brother either licks her, or rubs his...uh...dick...on her before she puts this stuff in her. What way do you want to do it?"

"I think I'll rub it on you."

"After our shower you can lick me. You do that and I'll suck you. Deal?" I nodded again.

"Are you going to stick it in me too?" Bethany asked.

"If you're good."

"I can help Amy suck on you later too."

"We'll see."









Chapter Three

Amy got up and put the stuff in her chair. She stepped over to me, then stood there. She stepped forward, then put one leg through the chair arm opening. She sat on my knees, then did the same with the other leg.

"Aren't we supposed to be in bed when we do this?" I asked her.

"We don't have to be. Cindy said that she isn't most of the time. She said that she likes it when she sits in her brother's lap."

"Ok. What do we do?"

She reached down and grabbed my dick, then started stroking it. When it was completely hard, she moved forward and started rubbing on her open pussy.

"Damn, sis. That feels better."

"For me too. Just sit back and I'll do this."

I could not believe how good it felt. Several times, I thought I was going to lose it, but didn't. It finally came down to where I knew it was going to blow. For some reason, I wrapped my arms around her and pulled. She moved her hand right then and my dick shot into her. I emptied my load right into her pussy, as she went wild on me. We finally settled down, and she put her forehead on my shoulder.

"We weren't supposed to do that. I'm going to have a baby now."

"It's ok. We'll figure something out."

"You want me to have one?"

"I think we're too young, but if you do, I'll be right there to help you take care of it. We have both been there for Bethany."

"Why is there blood down there?" Bethany asked. "It's dripping on the floor."

Amy pulled back, pulling herself off me. We both looked down. There was a little blood on my dick and she was still dripping.

"There's nothing to worry about," Amy said. "He popped my cherry. It will stop bleeding soon."

"Am I going to bleed when he pops mine?"

"IF. Yes."

"There is no IF. He is going to pop mine."

"It hurts when he does," Amy said.

"I don't care. It didn't look like it hurt you. If you can take it, I know I can."

"We'll see about that later. Right now, we need a shower."

There were, by then, only four places we couldn't go. Those four places were near the four doors to the store. I had things in place that told us just how far we could go. We had the rest of the place to do whatever we wanted to do. We started chasing each other, playing our own form of tag. At one point, I caught Bethany from behind. That's right where my dick ended up too. It was sliding in her ass crack.

"Are you going to stick it in me now?" she asked.

"No, but I will do this."

My hand went to her mound, then my finger went between her lips. Her head came back into my lip. We were between two checkout lanes, so I picked her up, then leaned back against one. I leaned back enough that it didn't put any more pressure on her with my other arm than it had to. I started moving my finger up and down her slit. Amy came up right then and looked at me.

"That looks like fun. How about we do this?"

She grabbed my dick, then pressed it toward Bethany's pussy. She started moving it around a little. That got Bethany more excited. After a while, she was really wiggling in my arms. Just as Bethany went off, she went limp on me, then started jumping around again. In that split moment, Amy had my dick at Bethany's hole. She dropped when she went limp, and my dick went about half way into her. That was just enough for me to explode too.

"Now...I'm going to...have a baby," she said. "Will you help me with mine too?"

"Gladly."

"You didn't bleed as much, little lady," Amy said. "You two still need a shower."

--------------------

That was the beginning of a lot of sexual play for us. Amy wanted to try different positions, so we did. Bethany, naturally, wanted to do them too. My favorite, by far, was when Amy would lie over our sister and I had both pussies right there. I managed to get both of them. 

It was while we were in that position once that something else happened. By then, Amy was reaching around and messing with Bethany while I plugged away in both of them. I had pulled out of Amy just as Bethany was having a climax. I slid down and shoved. The only problem there was that I didn't hit her pussy. I hit the other one, and was all the way in before I knew it.

"John, don't move," Bethany said. I could hear the pain in her voice. "You're in the wrong hole."

Amy managed to slide forward off our sister, then turned and looked.

"Cindy said that she does that too. She said it hurt at first, but she loves it now."

"It...sort of... I don't know," Bethany said. "It feels like I have to take a really big shit."

"Does it hurt?" Amy asked her.

"It... I feel stretched out. It doesn't hurt. It feels... I don't know."

"Let's see if this helps," Amy said, as she reached under her and found her pussy. I could feel her starting to play with it.

My dick had been so slick, because of the two climaxes I'd had in both of them so far that day, that it didn't take much to slide in and out of her like I did her pussy before. 

"This feels as good as when I do it in your pussy, but it's a little tighter," I said.

"It doesn't hurt when you do that now."

I didn't want to hurt her, so I took it nice and easy. She was getting more and more excited, but I didn't know if it was because of what I was doing, or what Amy was doing to her. All I knew was that she started pressing herself back into me. It was about ten or fifteen minutes later that she and I exploded at the same time. She collapsed, and I went down on top of her.

"I...like...that," she said. "It felt...like you...got bigger."

"I know...it felt good...for me."

"I could feel...your stuff...shoot out."

I could feel my dick start to shrivel inside her. It finally came out, and Bethany groaned.

"I was hoping you could do it again," she said.

"Maybe later. I have to rest for now."

"Then it's my turn," Amy said. "I want to see what it feels like."

"You're going to like it," Bethany said.

We all got up and went for the shower. All during our shower, Amy was trying to get me hard again, but nothing she tried worked.

"I guess I can only do it so many times," I told her.

"But I want you NOW."

"I could do to you what you did to me," Bethany said.

"It's not the same," Amy said. "I want his dick in me."

"How about if I...lick your pussy?" Amy and I looked at Bethany. She reached out and cupped Amy's mound. "You said that Cindy's sister does it to her all the time. Why can't we? We could do it to each other at the same time."

"How...? How would we do that?" Amy asked her.

"You lie... Wait. Let's go back to the tent and I'll show you."

We got dried off, then went to the tent. Amy lay on the bed with her knees pulled up, then Bethany got over her in the opposite direction. Bethany moved her mouth down and licked Amy's pussy once.

"Just like this," she said, then went back to her sister's pussy.

Amy grabbed Bethany's hips and pulled them down, then began licking. After a while, Bethany lifted her head and looked at me.

"Come here and help me."

"How?"

She had me lie on my stomach between Amy's legs, then she moved her head out of the way. I licked once, then looked at Bethany.

"Is that what I do?"

"Yeah, but keep going."

I licked for a few minutes, then moved my head away while Bethany took over. We went back and forth until both of them climaxed at the same time. I was licking Amy when that happened. By then, I was back to rock hard again. Bethany folded her arms across Amy's stomach and lay her chin on them. She looked at me.

"She still has her finger in my butt hole," she said. "It feels good, but not as much as when your dick is in there. I could see her expression change toward excitement again. "Now she's licking my pussy again. I have an idea. Are you ready now?"

"For what?"

"Are you hard?" I nodded. "Good. It's her turn."











Chapter Four

Bethany got up and told Amy to get over her. She told me to stay where I was. They got back into the same position that way. Now, Bethany told me to go to the other end, where Amy's ass was. I did.

"Now you can put it in her butt."

She didn't have to tell me twice. I moved forward and got the head of my dick at her hole. I put some pressure on it, but nothing happened. I tried again, then again, but I wasn't going anywhere.

"Get it wet," Bethany said

"I stuck my dick into Amy's pussy and slid in and out a few times. I pulled out and placed it back at her butt hole. This time, the head popped in right away. Amy's muscles clamped down a little, but then relaxed.

"That is different," she said.

I moved around a little, moving in slowly. When I was all the way in, I stopped.

"I see what you mean. It does fill you up," She said. "But...it feels good at the same time."

Bethany was able to start licking Amy as I slid in and out of her. It took me a while, but I finally shot a load into that sister's ass too. I was really done then.

--------------------

I had figured out that I had limits on how many times I could do anything in one day. I also saw that once the novelty of the whole sex thing wore off, we didn't do it as often. That is, until Amy found a book. Being the avid reader she was, she absorbed it right away.

"Bethany and I don't need that cream anymore," she said. "And we're not going to have babies."

"Why not?" I asked.

"We're not old enough. I might be soon though. I'm almost eleven."

"What's that got to do with it?"

"Our bodies store up blood when we are old enough. About every twenty eight days our bodies will get rid of it. It comes out the same hole you stick your dick in. It's called a period."

"So, why doesn't it just hold it there?"

"I don't know. As long as we bleed every month, we know that we're not having a baby. If we don't, that's when we are."

"That sounds weird to me," I said.

"Yes, but we don't need to stop and put the cream in now." She put the book down, then came over and slid onto my dick. "I don't like that stuff anyway. I can't wait till I'm old enough to get on the pills."

"What pills?"

"There are ones that keep you from having babies. We won't need anything then."

"I like this better. It feels like you're tighter in there."

"That's because I'm not already sloppy before you go in. I like this better too."

That set it off again for a while.

--------------------

I couldn't believe it when we found out that we'd been in there a year. We still had plenty to live on, and could have stayed another two or three. It didn't work out that way. We were playing by one of the front doors one day when we heard a noise. I knew where I could go to look at the front door and knew that they couldn't see me. 

It was a cop. He had his eyes shaded so he could look in, and was talking to his partner who was in the car. He tried the doors, then walked down to the other ones. Luckily, none of them opened. That wasn't the first time we'd seen them, but it was the first time they came to the door.

"What are we going to do?" Amy asked me.

"Nothing. They don't know we're in here yet. We just need to be more on the lookout."

Actually, I was a little more nervous about it than they were. I'd heard the cop say something about "those kids" before he turned and walked to another door. I didn't know if he was talking about us, or someone else.

It was about three days later that I noticed that Amy was getting a little cranky and snapping at us. I didn't say anything. I just made sure I wasn't around her much. The next day, we found out what the problem was. Bethany and I woke up and saw a big spot of blood on Amy's mattress. Just then, Amy stepped in wearing panties.

"I have to wear these for a few days. I got my first period. The book said it will last about three to five days." Of course, she had to explain the whole thing again. After that five days was up, she went wild. I think she went through three tubes of that cream in as many days.

After that, with the exception of once a month, our sex died down. Between times, I was still having sex with Bethany, although I was doing her butt more often than her pussy.

We were there another six months when that cop came back. All he did was check the doors and went on. He did try the door several times though. It was the next morning when we woke up that we got a big surprise. When I unzipped the tent, that cop was sitting in one of our chairs.

"Good morning John," he said, as I froze. "I was going to ask how it's hanging, but I can see. Are Amy and Bethany in there with you?"

"Y... Yes, sir."

"Good. Do they have anything to cover themselves with? I don't want to look like a pervert here."

"Yes, sir." I turned to them. "Cover yourselves girls. That cop is here."

"Here? Where?" Amy asked.

"He's sitting in a chair out here. Get covered and come out here."

I knew this was coming. He let us go, one at a time, and get some clothes. Then he had us sit and listen to what he had to say.

"I'm sorry to have to tell you, but your mother died of an overdose about six months ago. We still can't find your father. We looked for you kids for about six months before the chief called it off. You've been in here all this time?" I nodded. "Well. What am I going to do with you three?"

"I guess you have to take us to jail, sir."

"I should. We should let everyone know that you've been found." He got a smile on his face. "I do have to let them know, but we have to come up with a story first."

"A what?" Amy asked.

"A story. If I let it be known that you broke in here and have been living here for almost two years, we'll never hear the end of it. Internal Affairs will have our badges. I'm too close to my retirement for that. I have to say that I found you somewhere else."

"Like where?" I asked him.

"I've got it. Do you like camping?" he asked.

"That's sort of what we've been doing here," I said.

"My wife and I are going camping next weekend. She doesn't know that yet. How would you three like to go along?"

"What about...?"

"It's part of the story. You three have been living off the land all this time. Get it? We find you camping in the forest."

"I guess..."

He got up to leave. "Look. Be ready by Friday about noon. I have a van that I will drive back here in. The door will be unlocked, so all you have to do is hop in. Grab some of those knapsacks and put enough clothes for about three days in them. Remember. Friday at noon." He turned and left.

"What are we going to do, John," Amy asked.

"Well. It's either be ready for him and his wife on Friday, or we have to really disappear this time. We'll never find anywhere safer than this has been, so I guess we wait for them...and hope for the best."

"Do you really think he'll be back with his wife?"

I bent down and picked up one of my knives.

"If she isn't in the van when he comes, we don't get in. If they start something after that, I will protect us until my last breath."

--------------------

Besides having enough clothes for three days, we packed as many MRE's in our packs as we could get in them. We had been saving those for when we ran out of the other food. I also had six knives placed where I could get them quickly. Friday morning, we were ready. 

"He said around noon," Amy said. "It's almost three o'clock. Where are they?"

"Maybe he had to work. Maybe he was just bullshitting us. Maybe..."

Just then there was a loud knock on the service door. I looked through a crack and saw the van. I also saw a woman in the passenger seat.

"It's them. Are we ready?"

As the girls ran out and got into the van, I turned and looked around, remembering all the things we'd done there over the last almost two years.

"I guess it was going to end sometime," I told myself. I turned, closed the door, then got in the van.

















Chapter Five

The three of us were told to get on the floor and cover up with a blanket, so we did. Once we got going, there was no stopping, except for traffic lights and stop signs. After a while, we were able to uncover and sit in the seat.

"My name is Joy, and this is Mack. I already know your names. Actually, we've been dreaming about this day since you went missing."

"Why?" I asked her.

"It's a long story, but we'll tell you when we get to the campgrounds."

It was about three hours later that we got to a wooded area. Mack sort of sat where he could talk to us.

"I know this ranger. You kids cover up again. We'll talk about it all later."

We got on the floor again, then covered up. We stopped, and Mack said hi to the ranger.

"Haven't seen you two out here in a while," the ranger said. "How long ya gonna be?"

"Just three days. I have to pound the beat at seven Tuesday," Mack said.

"Ok. Enjoy yourselves. Don't rough that pretty lady up too much."

"I won't," Mack said.

"He's the one that's going to be worse for wear when we leave, Freddy," Joy said, then they all laughed.

We must have driven another two miles or so before we finally stopped.

"We're here kids," Joy said. "You can come out now."

As we got out of the van, we looked around. We had never been in the woods before, so everything looked strange. I helped Mack with the stuff and we all put two tents up. One for them, and one for us. Joy and the girls got things ready to make us something to eat.

"I suppose you're ready for a steak, right?" Mack asked me.

"It has been a while," I said.

"Good. This will give me a chance to teach you the art of barbequing. Joy. Where are the steaks?"

Mack talked about nothing but barbequing the whole time we cooked. Yes, he let me do some of it. We also cooked the corn on the cob, and the baked potatoes on the grill. We wrapped those in aluminum foil first. During dinner, we talked about a lot of things. We finally got around to us. We started with what life was like when both of our parents were working, then after Dad left.

"That's terrible," Joy said. "It's no wonder you left."

"Joy and I have been together for almost thirty years," Mack said.

"Actually, dear, it's been twenty seven." She turned to us. "I guess we should tell you that we got started about as young as you did."

"Started with what?" Amy asked.

"Sex. I know you three have sex. It wouldn't surprise me if you girls are doing it with each other too. We're not going to condemn you for it. In fact, you can keep doing it."

"Why?" I asked. I was getting a little suspicious now.

"I don't mean that you can do it where we can watch you," she said. "If things work out the way we would like, you three will have your own bedrooms. That is, we can say they're yours."

"I guess it's time we told you kids what we want from you," Mack said.

"Here it comes," I thought, then put my hand on one of my knives.

"You won't need that," Mack said, as he looked at me. "I promise you now. You will never need a knife or anything else against us." He waited for me to put my hand back up on the fold-up picnic table we sat at. "Ok. Joy and I are brother and sister. We were born and raised in California. After graduation, we came here and I joined the force. In about six months, I will have twenty years in, and we can get out of this hell hole of a town.

"Although Joy and I didn't want for anything, our parents thought it wise to get a nanny and just give us things. The nanny was an old bat, so we took to playing by ourselves. One night, during a storm, Joy came to my room. I think that was just an excuse now. That was the first time we made love."

"How old were you?" Amy asked.

"Ten," Joy said. "We're twins. That's another reason we didn't go many places. According to Mother's friends, only animals have a litter."

"We came here as man and wife. Nobody ever found out the truth. We did find out that we can't have children, so we were hoping to adopt. Joy has had her hopes up that we would be the ones to find you three, and here we are."

"Wait," I said. "You want to adopt us?" Mack got a big grin on his face. "Why?"

"After we heard that your mother died, we went to the authorities and applied," Joy said. "We went through all sorts of things, and finally got our approval. They had a baby for us, but the mother backed out."

"Joy was devastated at first," Mack said. "Then I told her that I may have found you three."

"How did you know we were there?" I asked.

"Your old clothes were on the floor where I could see them. Other things were not in the same place the second time I was there. The day I found you, I thought I'd never get through that door quietly. Those hinges were really rusty."

"Ok," I said. "What do we do next?"

"Monday, we find your campsite," Mack said, with a bigger smile on his face.

"Ok," Joy said. "We can talk about this in the morning. It's time for bed."

"Uh..." Amy said. "Where's the bathroom?"

Joy giggled. "Come on girls. Let me show you the joys of camping in the wild." She took their hands and left.

"I know that you have some reservations, John," Mack said. "My whole life has been dedicated to making that woman happy. If you can learn to trust us, I'd like to be able to put the icing on her cake."

"It's all... I don't know, Mack."

"Give us a couple of days. You'll see that we aren't the bad guys you may think we are."

--------------------

Over the next two days, I saw more animals than I ever had. Mack was teaching me how to fish, and what to look for if we ever went hunting. I don't know about the girls, but I was starting to trust him. Sunday night, at the dinner table, we started talking about when Mack and Joy were going to turn us in.

"The CS lady is an old bat. She runs her clients as if she was a queen or something," Mack said. "Unfortunately, we will have to turn you over to her. However, I have it on very good authority that you won't stay long."

"Why?" I asked. "What will she do to us?"

"The first thing she'll do is have you all examined by a doctor. That doctor just happens to be a friend of ours. He will tell her anything we ask him to."

"Like, that you girls are still virgins," Joy added. "She'll be looking for anything to separate you three. We don't want that. We want you to stay together like we did."

"If you just don't say too much, we'll have this all over before you know it," Mack said. "Then, if you want to, we can become a family."

Monday morning, we did several things. We took down our tent and roughed up the ground a little so it wouldn't show that there was one there. While Mack and I were doing that, Joy and the girls took some of our clothes and got them really dirty. We all put them on, then rolled ourselves in the dirt.

"I hope that will convince them," Mack said.

We then took our backpacks and tent and put them under a blanket in the back corner of the van. Mack piled a lot of other stuff on top of it too.

"Well, this is it," Mack said. "You kids have a choice. We can unpack everything right now and Joy and I will leave, or we all go to town. It really is up to you three."

We all stood there for a minute, then Bethany walked over and opened the door. She looked back at us.

"I don't know about them, but I want a real family again." Amy and I followed her into the van.

On our way out, Mack asked Fred to watch his stuff, and told him that he had us.

"I've been all over this park and never saw any sign of them," he said

"That's ok. We knew something was up when some of our food went missing," Mack said. "We set a trap for them last night."

"Good for you. I'm just glad they're safe."

It didn't seem to take as long to get to town as it did to get to the woods, but we finally made it. What we weren't expecting was all of the news trucks there.

"Damn him," Mack said. "I asked him not to call it in. Well. Let's go deal with it. You kids just keep your mouths shut until we get inside, ok?" We all nodded. Bethany made a zipper motion over her mouth.

We made it through all of the reporters, then into the station. There were a couple of cops at the door to let only us in. As we approached the front desk, we saw an old lady standing there. She turned toward us as we entered.

"Kids. This is Mrs. Krenshaw. She is from Children's Services. I'll have to turn you over to her now."

Mrs. Krenshaw led us down a hall, and made two turns, then through a door. It was a very small room with just a couple of chairs and a small table.

"Sit, children." She sat on the other side of the table, then looked at us. "This is where we get to know each other."












Chapter Six

Evidently, Mack's doctor had some influence over all the rest. Although I went through only one exam, the girls went to a different doctor about once a week. Mack finally had a judge put a stop to it.

I think the worst of it all, besides being separated from the girls, was the shower I had to take when we got done with Mrs. K. It was the same one that they use on the prisoners when they check in. There are chemicals in it that kills everything that might be growing on you. I got some of the water in my mouth, and it was terrible tasting.

I never saw the girls for about a month. During that time, I was put with an emergency foster family. They treated me ok, but I really didn't like them. Joy came to visit one day. We went for a walk down the street.

"Tell me the truth, John. How is it here?"

"I miss my sisters."

"They miss you too. I wish I could get you three together, but we can't. How are these people? That's what I really want to know."

"How much time do we have? It's not all steak and eggs for breakfast here."

It was about a week and a half later that Mack and Joy showed up. By then, I was really happy to see them.

"Tell me that you're getting me out of here," I said, when I got Mack alone.

"Actually..." he hesitated. "Go get your stuff. Your sisters are in the car waiting for you."

I was up the stairs and had my stuff packed before Joy and that woman could make it back to the front door. I pushed past them and ran to the car. My sisters were already coming up the walk. I grabbed them both, lifted them, then spun around on the spot. Mack finally put his hand on my shoulder.

"Are you going to say thank you to the nice lady?"

"Yes," I said. I turned to her. "I do want to thank you, ma'am. I thought our mother was a really bad mother, but you have gone beyond her in every way. Thank you for showing me how NOT to parent. When I have children, They will never have parents like you and your husband." I turned and got in the van with my sisters.

"I mean that girls. When our children come, we are going to be real parents."

"I hope we can set a good example for you," Joy said. "What we didn't say in front of her is that the paperwork has finally come through. We are now your parents."

The girls started crying, and I just sat there with my arms around them. Mack looked at me through his rear view mirror.

"Are you ready to test out your barbeque skills, John?" I nodded. "Good. There's a steak at home with your name on it. You, my son, are now the grill master for tonight. Just remember. Joy doesn't like hers burned." We all laughed.

We pulled into the driveway of a house that was a little bigger than our old one. Mack reached up and pressed a button and the garage door went up. There was a pile of stuff in the middle of the floor, and it was covered with blankets.

"That's all your stuff," Mack said, as he got out of the van. "Joy insisted we go and get it, so we broke in again and brought it home. She has a lot of extras in there too."

As the garage door went down, he pulled the blankets off. They were the ones we used at the store, but looked clean. Under them was the tent, and all of the stuff we'd been using over the last two years. Joy stepped over, grabbed two big bags, and handed them to the girls.

"Let's go find your room and try these on, shall we?" They left.

"Won't you get in trouble for this?" I asked Mack.

"Listen. In this town, a cop or politician can do whatever they want to do and no one sees a thing. I really surprised that store wasn't empty when you found it. If any of those ass holes had found it, they'd have found a way to use or sell it. Do I feel bad? I feel bad that you three had to go through all that you have. I don't feel bad about getting your stuff." He turned toward the pile. "There's a bag for you there too."

"How about we fire up that grill first? We can't disappoint our ladies."

--------------------

After dinner, we all went to the front room. We talked on until Bethany finally fell asleep. I picked her up and carried her to her room. Amy and Joy started undressing her, and I started to leave.

"Where are you going?" Joy asked. "Since you two have made love before, I know you've seen her naked."

As they pulled her pants down her legs, they noticed something. Her crotch was red with blood.

"I guess we have to wake her now," Joy said. I left the room then.

I went to the garage and got the bag. I took it to my room and opened it out onto my bed. 

"That's just a start, son. We can go later and get you more."

"Don't be like them, please."

"What? Like who?"

"Like your parents."

He stepped in and sat on the edge of my bed.

"That's not what I meant. Those clothes are just enough to get you by until we can get more. We're not trying to buy your love with them. Love has to be earned. It's not something I can demand or buy."

"But...all of this. The room, the TV, the game machine. We never had this before. It's all different."

"You have been out of circulation for a while. These are things that all boys your age have. Actually, the guy at the pawn shop gave me a good price on all of it. It's all used, but they're things we thought you would want."

"I'm sorry. It's just that this is all new to us. I don't know the right way to react."

He got up and put his hands on my shoulders. "It's all new for us too, John. Maybe with our influence, you'll be a better father to your kids than yours was to you. Teach them right, and they'll surpass you. That's how I look at it. Maybe through you, we will end up with a better world." He left me standing there.

As time went on, we realized that we could trust them. They never came upstairs, unless they had to. That meant that we could sleep wherever we wanted to. Since Joy talked to her doctor and got the girls on the pills, we didn't have to worry about that. I found out about them the first night there.

"Only a month? Are you sure?" I asked Amy.

"The last doctor we went to said that we were ok. She didn't like it because we are so young, but she didn't report us. She didn't even check to see if we were virgins like that old bat told her to."

"You really want to do something tonight?"

"Joy told us that we could do whatever we want to do up here. Even if we're in the middle of something when they come up, they won't say anything. She did say, though, that if you ever hurt us, Mack will take care of it for us. She made that really clear."

I put my hands on her shoulders, then leaned in and kissed her.

"You know. For being twelve years old, you really look good."

"That's what you say when I have my nightgown on. Take it off and tell me what you think."

I grabbed her nightgown and pulled it over her head. I then stepped back and looked at her.

"Your titties are growing." I reached out and cupped one. "And you're getting hair on your pussy." I cupped that too.

"Joy is going to show me how to shave there. We can't have you and Bethany getting my pussy hairs caught between your teeth."

I guided her to my bed and she lay down. She pulled her legs up as I crawled over her. I leaned down and kissed her, then went to one of her nipples. I sucked on it through her groans, then went to the other one. I then went down her body. She opened her legs as my tongue found her clit. She jumped, then grabbed my head.

"That's it. Make me happy that you're mine."

I didn't just stay on her clit. By the time she climaxed, it had been all over her pussy and ass. Concentrating on her clit did the trick, though.

I worked my way back up her body, then leaned down and kissed her again. This time, she put her hands on the back of my head and held it as my dick slipped into her. She gasped, but didn't let go of the kiss. 

I started out slow, but she insisted that we speed up. I knew I was hitting her clit on every in stroke too. It didn't take either of us long to climax. We held each other like that until we fall asleep.

We had two weeks before we had to go back to school. Of course, we were barraged by reporters, but that was over soon. We were old news after a while. We all passed the required tests, and were put into the classes we were supposed to go in. Life seemed to go on pretty well after that. Until about four months later. Mack got shot.

"It just grazed his head," the officer at the door said. "He's in surgery right now."

"Is he going to live?"

"He was awake and doing fine before they took him up. I'm sure he'll come through ok. I can take you and the kids up to see him."

"You better take us to see Daddy," Bethany told him.

Mack was out of surgery by the time we got there. There was a big bandage around his head, though. It covered one eye. It turns out that the bullet caught him about half an inch above his eyebrow, but didn't even hit his skull. Lucky break.

"I told the chief that I was ok, but he insisted that we spend a little more of the city's money. I'll be able to go home in a day or so."

"I'll be glad when you can retire," Joy told him. "I'm getting tired of worrying about you when you leave for work."

"Besides, Dad," I said. "We just put this family together. We don't need for some thug to undo everything we've worked hard to build."

"Dad, huh?' he said. "Well, son. How about you and me make some plans for things like fishing and hunting trips." He looked at the girls. "And, I'm looking forward to those father daughter dances, too."

Dad retired two months later. He was able to keep all of the weapons that he was issued, and they stripped all of the decals off the car, and gave it to him too. We  moved to Arizona where he now works for one of the most well known Sheriffs in the country. He has it easy compared to what he had for the last twenty years. Well, maybe not. He now has three kids to contend with.