part: Chapter 18
author: Miranda Mars
title: Laura's Story - an Interracial Lesbian Romance




          As if to make up for lost time, and now that Rina had resolved 
    her fears of being a lesbian, the two girls nearly killed each other 
    with fucking during the following days.  Spending alternate nights at 
    one another's apartment, they ended up by the end of the first week 
    having had, by their combined guess, over one hundred orgasms apiece.

          Finally, they were so afraid they would quickly tire of each 
    other that they agreed to a week's separation, just to bank the fires 
    and let them glow a little before a renewed flare up.  But by the end 
    of that week, they were again both so hot for each other that they 
    could hardly wait to meet.  Rina, who had a brief errand to run after 
    work, gave Laura a spare key to her apartment at work and agreed to 
    meet her there before six.

          But the doorbell rang at about five-thirty.  Laura opened the 
    door cautiously, not knowing if she should.  There stood Rina's 
    boyfriend, the one who had been so nasty to her before, the one who 
    apparently took so long to make Rina climax.

          "Well, look who's here," he said, pushing her aside and coming 
    right in without invitation.  "The lesbian."

          Laura cringed every time he called her that.  He could see her 
    cringe this time.  So he said it again, his eyes hot and threatening 
    some nameless challenge.

          "The lesbian," he said bluntly.

          "Don't call me that," Laura said, trying to stay calm.

          Actually, she realized for the first time, he was kind of good-
    looking.  She had never been attracted to any black men before, but 
    her desire for Rina showed that she wasn't immune to it.  And so her 
    reaction to him was strangely mixed.  She felt fear and hostility, 
    and a vague stirring of sexual excitement too.

          "She even gave you a key, eh?" he said.  "Never gave me one.  
    What is it about you?  You really seem to be able to light her fire, 
    don't you."

          He moved menacingly toward Laura, who backed up.

          "You know, she never was interested in no lesbians before you," 
    he said, very softly, smiling in a sinister way.

          "I'm not a lesbian."

          He ignored her.  "Maybe you've got some secrets I ought to know 
    about, eh?  Maybe you can do things that make her climb the wall.  
    Maybe you can teach me something.  What do you say?  Lesbian?  What 
    do you say?"

          By now he had backed Laura up against a wall.  His hands came 
    up to her face.  Then he dropped them to her breasts, placing one 
    palm over each breast and pressing them, then squeezing them through 
    her blouse and bra.

          Laura was terrified and thrilled at the same time.  He wanted 
    to rape her.  Half of her wanted him to.

          "She . . . she'll be home in a few minutes," she whispered, 
    trying to squirm away.

          "It don't take me more than a few minutes," he said, holding 
    her tightly against the wall.  "You've got beautiful hard round 
    titties.  I like white titties."

          "You can't do this.  I can't help it if she likes me."

          "What's your name, lesbian?"

          His face was very close to hers, hostile, menacing.  But she 
    could see the hard, hot lust pulsing in his eyes.

          "Laura," she said under her breath.

          "Laura, I'm Gerald."

          Without asking, he started to unbutton her blouse.  She 
    realized that he didn't care if Rina walked in on them.  He had 
    already lost Rina to her.  Raping and humiliating Laura, especially 
    if Rina should happen to see it, was a way of getting back at her. 

          "Gerald, you can't do this," she said.

          He grinned.  "I'm doing it, lesbian.  Excuse me, Laura.  You 
    want me to call you by your name?"

          He had her blouse nearly unbuttoned.  Only two buttons 
    remained.  Laura grabbed his wrists with both hands.  He jerked them 
    free, popping the two last buttons off her blouse at the same time.  
    She tried to wriggle away.  Gerald took the fabric of her blouse in 
    both hands and ripped it off her body.

          "Oh!" Laura cried softly, raising one hand to her mouth.
          The sound of the tearing cloth shocked her.  And now she was 
    naked on top except for her bra.

          "I can see why she likes you, lesbian," Gerald said in a low, 
    threatening voice.  "You're beautiful."

          He reached behind her to unclasp her bra.  Laura crossed her 
    arms over her breasts.

          "No," she said.  "Please don't."

          "Now you don't want me to get rough, do you?  'Cause I can do 
    that if you want.  If you raise your voice.  Or if you slap me.  
    Makes me get rough.  You don't want that, do you."


          Laura began to shake with fear as he unfastened her bra.  She 
    had never been raped.  She was terrified of him, and she could feel 
    her cunt getting wet, throbbing.  And all the time he kept talking, 
    as he took off her bra and filled his big hands with her naked 
    breasts.

          "Man, I told you I like white titties," he murmured.  "And 
    these are the most beautiful white titties I ever saw.  Honey, you 
    sure you aren't a Playmate of the Month?  What gorgeous knockers you 
    got.  I think the guys ought to see these."

          He went to the window and beckoned.  Oh god, someone else is 
    down there, Laura thought.  He's telling them to come up here. 

          She tried to slip away while he was at the window, but he was 
    faster than she.  He grabbed her wrist and yanked her back, forcing 
    her down on the sofa. 

          "Now before they get up here, honey, I'm going to get me a 
    taste of these fine titties," he said.

          "No . . . please!" she begged.

          But he scooped up one of her perfect breasts in both hands and 
    fed her nipple into his mouth, sucking it sharply.

          "Unhhhgg!  Oh . . . god!" Laura whimpered.

          She struggled, but it only made him stronger.  He sucked her 
    other nipple even harder, bringing soft yelps of pain from her 
    throat.  At the same time, his fingers tore at the zipper of her 
    skirt.  He tugged it off and was just slipping her panties down her 
    thighs when the doorbell rang again.

          "Now you just hold on, little mama, and we'll have the most 
    exciting non-lesbian time you ever had," he grinned.

          He went to the door and opened it.  Laura, completely naked now 
    except for her shoes, jumped to her feet and headed for the bathroom, 
    thinking to lock herself inside.  But Gerald and one of the others 
    were too quick for her.  They grabbed her arms and led her back to 
    the sofa.  

          Laura began to cry.  There were three more guys.  They looked 
    at her naked body and seemed to salivate with obvious lust.
          "Shit, she's gorgeous!" one said.

          "Little brother, this is one stone gorgeous lesbian named 
    Laura," Gerald said.  "Laura, this is my little brother Steven and 
    his pals Michael and Lonell."

          "Don't any of you touch me!" Laura spit out.  "This is a 
    crime!"

          "Ain't no crime to introduce a lesbian to real sex," Gerald 
    chuckled.

          She couldn't believe this was happening.  All four of them 
    began to unbuckle their belts.

          "Anyway, we know you really want it," Gerald whispered, 
    squeezing her breasts, pinching her nipples.  "You want to know how 
    that dark meat feels, right?"

          "I don't want it!" Laura said.  "And I'm not a lesbian!"

          "She been banging Rina," Gerald said.  "Does that make her a 
    lesbian?"

          The others all nodded.  Meanwhile, they were stripping off 
    their pants.  Laura had heard stories about black men.  All four of 
    these guys had huge cocks, as big as Rick's and Jamie's.  And one, 
    she guessed it was Lonell, had a cock as big as a horse's, surely the 
    biggest one ever created.  Laura almost gagged with fear as she 
    looked at it, knowing what they intended for her. 

          "I'll scream," she warned.

          "Steven, go get something to put in her mouth," Gerald said.  
    "And pick up the butter from the kitchen on your way back."

          "Oh no . . . oh no!" Laura began to whimper, tears pouring down 
    her cheeks.

          But there was no escape.  Gerald put one hand over her mouth 
    until he brother came back with a gag.  He dragged her down on the 
    floor and pushed her onto her back.

          "I get to be first," he said to the others, "because she's been 
    fucking my baby."

          He glowered down at her as he guided his hard prick into her 
    pussy, then slammed it home.

          "Unhh!" Laura groaned.

          Before she could protest any more, one of the other guys had 
    forced his enormous hard cock into her mouth.  The other one 
    descended on her breasts with his mouth, sucking and biting her 
    nipples hungrily.  Gerald fucked her fast and hard, pumping and 
    stabbing her, his strong fingers biting into her thighs as he speared 
    her pussy again and again with his prick.

          "Lesbo!" he swore.

          "Ungh!" Laura grunted, seeing stars.

          "Lesbo!"

          "Ungh!  Ungh!  Ownncchh!  Unghh!"

          She had never been fucked so hard.  And he couldn't keep it up 
    for long.  He groaned and came, shooting a long string of jism into 
    her, still pumping her fiercely as the cum shot out of his stabbing 
    prick.

          Now it was Lonell's turn, the one with the salame prick.  
    Gerald's brother had returned with a dishtowel, which they used to 
    gag her.  Then they turned her over, with Lonell on the bottom.  
    Laura winced as she felt his gargantuan cock penetrate her cunt.  It 
    felt like a baseball bat going in.  But she hardly had time to get 
    used to it when she realized that one of them was swabbing her 
    asscrack with butter.

          She glanced back over her shoulder in time to see Steven 
    holding his cock and aiming it between her buns.  Then she felt it 
    slide slowly into her ass.

          "Unnggmhhhgmm!" she moaned, her voice muffled by the dishtowel.

          Now she was impaled on both of their pricks, and they began to 
    fuck her hard.  If she had thought Rick and Jamie had fucked her 
    hard, she had to surrender that notion.  Lonell and Steven nearly 
    ripped her apart, lunging into her with their enormous pricks, making 
    her howl with pain and fear.  Her ass was so tight that Steven came 
    almost immediately, roaring and ripping his cock deep into her body.

          But he was replaced by Michael, so that Laura hardly felt one 
    cock leave and the other take its place, except for the rivers of 
    jism soaking her anus and her asscrack.  Lonell guided her luscious, 
    dangling breasts into his mouth, one at a time, sucking her nipples 
    and driving her crazy as he plunged his gigantic organ up into her 
    pussy in sharp, piercing thrusts.

          Then he came too, squirting rivers into her, and they rolled 
    her over on her side, with Michael's cock still in her ass.  Now 
    Gerald's cock was hard again, and she felt him unfastening the gag.  
    Next he jammed his cock into her mouth and held her head in his 
    hands, forcibly fucking her mouth and throat roughly, growling 
    incoherently at her.

          Now Steven shoved his prick up her pussy, and Lonell returned 
    to her tormented breasts, biting her nipples, making her shriek and 
    shudder.  Laura's whole writhing body was used and abused by them, 
    but she couldn't stop a wild, perverse sexual pleasure from 
    overwhelming her.  The more they fucked her, the more violently they 
    used her, the closer she came to an orgasm, no matter how much she 
    tried to ignore it.  I can't . . . I can't let them have the 
    satisfaction, she thought.  No . . . no, I can't!  No!

          "She gon' come, she gon' come, Mike," she heard Gerald panting 
    to the others as he continued raping her mouth and throat with his 
    huge penis.  "Fuck her hard, fuck her hard, she gon' come."

          And they were right.  Unable to stop herself, Laura felt a 
    huge, explosive orgasm suddenly well up inside her body and burst, 
    shattering her with unbelievable pleasure.  Three of them were 
    fucking her and the fourth assaulting her breasts, and she came 
    violently, her body arching and flexing and shaking as the fierce 
    spasms of her climax wrenched her.

          And it was just at that moment that the apartment door flew 
    open and Rina, carrying a bag of groceries, walked in.

          "Oh my god!" she wailed.

          But the men were so caught up in the web of sexual tension they 
    had created that they couldn't stop.  All three of them came at 
    nearly the same time.  Gerald groaned and his cock erupted into her 
    mouth, spewing jism down her throat, then slipping out and spurting 
    more onto her cheek, and her breasts.

          Michael stabbed his spurting cock deep into her asshole, and 
    Steven groaned and shot his load into her pussy.  Lonell, not to be 
    denied his second climax, had been pulling on his gigantic cock while 
    devouring her flaming nipples, and he capped the whole event by 
    spewing thick gobs of cum all over her breasts.  

          Whimpering, gasping for breath, drenched in rivers of semen, 
    Laura lay covered by them all on the floor, her body tingling from 
    the aftershocks of her own orgasm and from the brutal abuse they had 
    given it.  Rina was so shocked that she dropped her bag of groceries 
    as she rushed across the room.  The contents of the bag scattered 
    with a loud crash all over the floor as she threw herself screaming 
    on Gerald, hitting him with her fists and clawing him with her nails.

          "You bastard!" she screamed.  "You lowlife motherfuckers!  Get 
    out of here!  I'm calling the police!  I ought to kill you.  God, you 
    shits, you scum, you turds!"

          She dashed for the phone and began punching in 911.  But Gerald 
    and the others knew she was serious.  

          "She means it, man," he said to the others.  "Let's scram."

          They pulled up their pants and were gone before Rina could even 
    get enough self-control to describe what was happening to the 
    emergency operator.  And Laura struggled to her feet and took the 
    phone out of her hand, hanging it up.

          "No," Laura said, in a bleak, shattered voice.  "Don't."

          "Oh baby . . ." Rina said, tears streaming down her cheeks.

          The 911 operator called right back to see if everything was 
    really all right.  Laura took the phone. 

          "Yes," she said.  "I . . . I fell.  But I'm all right.  Yes . . 
    . my friend is going to take me to the emergency room.  Yes, 
    operator.  Thank you.  Yes, thank you."

          Then she hung up.

          She looked at Rina, then down at the rivulets of semen 
    streaking her naked body.  Some of Gerald's dripped off her chin.  
    Rina made a disgusted face.  She took Laura's arm.

          "Come with me."

          They went past the spilled grocercies, toward the bathroom.

          "Don't you think we should pick them up?" Laura asked.

          "You get in the bathtub," Rina said firmly.  "I'll pick them 
    up."

          She got two towels from the closet.  One she sat out for Laura 
    to use after the bath, and with the other she quickly wiped the semen 
    off Laura's body.

          "I'm going to kill them," she said under her breath.  "For 
    doing this to you.  I'm going to kill them.  Especially Gerald."

          Laura, trembling, didn't say anything.  Obediently, she got 
    into the bath that Rina drew for her.
  
          "You soak," Rina commanded.  "You wash all their shit off you.  
    You get clean and forget about it.  I could kill myself for getting 
    you into this."

          "It wasn't your fault," Laura said softly.

          Rina looked down at her in the bathtub.  Slowly, Laura began to 
    wash the semen off her flesh.  The warm water soothed the burning in 
    her asshole, and her still-tingling nipples.  The four men had really 
    gone after her brutally, she realized.  She still ached and burned 
    from the rape.

          Rina was looking down at her with a mixture of sympathy and 
    sexual desire.  Laura realized that she was naked and wet, 
    vulnerable, withdrawn, still somewhat in shock from the experience.  
    She knew how she would feel if it were Rina, whom she desired 
    fiercely anyway. 
 
          "Can I get in with you?" Rina finally asked, almost bashfully.  
    "I mean . . . I won't touch you or anything."

          "Why," Laura smiled gently up at her.  "Did they ruin me for 
    you?"

          "No one could ever ruin you for me, Laura."

          She undressed quickly, and Laura, who was always aroused by 
    watching Rina take off her clothes, could feel pulse accelerate as 
    she watched.  Rina got into the tub behind her.  Laura felt the 
    girl's hard round breasts and soft nipples pressing into her naked 
    back.

          Rina took the soap and began to rub Laura's skin with it.
          "You just relax, honey," she murmured.  "I'm going to wash it 
    all away.  I'm going to wash you clean, and kiss your beautiful body 
    everywhere they dirtied it."

          Her flesh covered with foamy white lather, Laura let herself 
    go, pliant and submissive to every movement of Rina's.  Rina's hands 
    soaped her breasts until they slipped and slid under her fingers.  
    Rina kissed her neck and poured water on her breasts, washing off the 
    suds.  Then she turned Laura's body halfway around so they could 
    kiss, then dropped her lips to Laura's nipples, kissing and sucking 
    them tenderly.

          "Tell me if it hurts," she murmured.

          "Please suck hard," Laura breathed.  "Go ahead.  Oh god . . . 
    oh Rina!"

          Wet and slippery, they coiled together, kissing more 
    passionately than ever.  They realized that they had never made love 
    while wet before, and the sensations excited them both wildy.  Rina 
    licked the beads of bathwater off Laura's smooth skin, letting her 
    hand gently massage Laura's cuntlips under the water.

          "I love to fuck you wet," she whispered.  "I'm going to make 
    you forget."

          "Don't talk about it," Laura breathed.  "Just keep doing what 
    you're doing.  Just fuck me . . . just fuck me, Rina, please."

          Rina squirmed around so that she was crouching over Laura's 
    supine body in the tub.  She dangled her luscious, perfectly-shaped 
    breasts in Laura's face, letting Laura's eager mouth chase her large, 
    swelling nipples, moaning hotly when Laura sucked them.  She had both 
    hands in Laura's pussy, under water, at the same time, probing and 
    rubbing it, bringing Laura to a fever pitch of sexual tension.

          "Oh . . . oh god!" Laura gasped, letting Rina's delicious 
    breast slip from her mouth.  "I'm going to come!  Oh . . . Rina, 
    baby, fuck me!  Now . . . now!"

          "You want to come under water, baby?" Rina teased, sliding down 
    Laura's shiny, squirming body, kissing and sucking Laura's wet 
    breasts again.

          Now, for leverage, she used only one hand on Laura's pussy, 
    rubbing Laura's clit expertly, and sucking Laura's nipples, bringing 
    Laura quickly to a sharp, shattering climax.

          "Ungghh!  Oh!  Auungghhh!" Laura groaned as the rapturous 
    spasms shook her body.

          She churned and shuddered, splashing bathwater all over them 
    both, clamping her thighs shut on Rina's working hand, moaning in 
    wild ecstacy.  But Rina wouldn't let her down from the pinnacle.  
    Laura felt the water draining from the tub, then felt Rina's head 
    between her thighs, and Rina's mouth on her still-tingling pussy. 

          Rina was sucking her clit and squeezing her ass, frantically, 
    passionately, and in thirty seconds Laura was coming again, whinnying 
    and gagging on another sharp orgasm.

          "Oh!  Ungghmmmnnggeeee!" she cried.  "Oh Rina!  Oh . . . 
    ungghh!  Anngghiieee!"

          She pulled the wet black girl down on top of her in the tub, 
    rolling to the side, scooping up one dark, damp breast and filling 
    her mouth with Rina's large nipple.  Then she slid down and between 
    Rina's parting thighs, getting her mouth on Rina's glistening cunt 
    and sucking and tonguing it feverishly.  She brought Rina to a climax 
    in under a minute, digging her fingers rhythmically into Rina's firm 
    buns as the black girl moaned and keened with sharp coming.

          Afterward, they dried each other off, then went to Rina's 
    bedroom and continued fucking, not stopping until each girl had come 
    six more times.   By then they were temporarily tired, and they 
    relaxed long enough to talk and kiss and cuddle.  They talked about 
    Gerald and the others who had gangbanged Laura.  Laura did not 
    mention that she had climaxed at the height of the gang-fuck, feeling 
    too embarrassed.  Rina swore she would have them all arrested.

          They slept together, awakening periodically to fuck, and by 
    morning Laura (and she knew Rina as well) had come so many times she 
    had lost count.





          
