Severus’s silver form appeared through the door.

“I got talking with Myrtle yesterday.”

“Hmm?” Harry asked half-heartedly. He didn’t look up from his golden egg, hoping against hope that it would yield its clue.

“Listen, Potter! It’s important.”

“Sorry, Sev. What did you talk about? I thought you couldn’t bear her?”

“Apparently, Cedric decoded the clue over the holidays, and as she saw him, she knows what to do.”

“She told you!”

“Yes! The screech, it’s Mermish. So you have to listen to it underwater.”

Harry nodded. “Won’t be easy in the Slytherin showers.” He sighed. “Well, I’ll find a way.”

Severus grinned smugly. “I know the password to the Prefects’ Bathroom.”

“Good call, Sev! I’ll go there tonight. Now that’s settled, I have something for you.”

Harry climbed on the desk and sat on it, his legs crossed. He closed his eyes and slowed his breathing.

“What?”

“Hello, Sev.”

Severus turned so fast he nearly stumbled. Harry was floating near him, silvery white as a ghost. Severus’s eyes went from him to the unmoving figure on the desk and back again. A slow grin spread on his face.

“Wicked! What is it?”

“Astral projection. Sends me to the same plane as ghosts. Do you know what that means?”

Severus reached out a finger and poked at Harry’s shoulder. His finger didn’t pass through Harry.

“I can touch you!”

“We can fuck.”

The boys shared a grin and went at each other’s clothes, sending buttons flying and fabric tearing until they were both naked. Harry had filled out a bit. Though it still hadn’t reached its definite size, his cock was no longer tiny. In fact, it was filling and rising steadily.

“Who first?” Severus whispered.

Harry turned until he was floating on all fours. Over his shoulder, he said, “I’m not sure how much lubrication we need.”

“We’re spirits, Harry. We don’t need any.”

Severus carefully circled his index finger around Harry’s anus, passing over and over the hole until Harry shouted at him to fuck him, already! Without warning, Severus jammed two of his fingers inside, pulling howls of pleasure from Harry.

Severus took his fingers out and Harry growled in displeasure. Laughing, Severus positioned himself and breached Harry slowly. Too slowly, in fact, for Harry’s tastes, but finally, he was all the way in, his balls brushing teasingly against Harry’s arse.

Severus pulled out, until only the head of his cock remained inside, then he thrust in violently. Harry gasped; he didn’t know what Severus had done, but. . .

“Do that again!”

Severus chuckled breathlessly.

“Not sure I’ll be able to go on for very long. . .”

Severus was right about that, unfortunately. It was the first time for both of them, and ghosts weren’t more enduring than living humans. Harry came, spilling himself in the air, and the movements of his arse milked Severus’s orgasm.

Harry tiredly crawled into Severus’s arms and pecked him on the lips.

“Happy birthday, Sev.”