------------DISCLAIMER STATEMENT---------------------
This is a sexually graphic story with adult content. 
You must be 21 years of age to read. The characters in 
this sexual fantasy story are imaginary, and are not a 
representation, in any manner, of any real world 
persons or groups or organizations.


NOTES FROM THE AUTHOR:
This story is based on a series of letters from a sissified 
male to the man who introduced him into sissy-hood. 


Story Content: (TV/TG, MM)

Letters To Rufus - #2
By: Es2c

	Dear Rufus,

	I just had to write and say how much I 
appreciated you inviting me to be the entertainment 
for your male relatives at your private family reunion 
party for them.  
	I was a bit nervous in accepting your invitation 
to suck their dicks.  However, I'm truly glad I did 
let you talk me into it.  It was nice being around 
them, and I must say, I did like wearing makeup among 
them to let them know I was femmy, or sissy. I was 
surprised at how easy I let you talked me into doing 
that. 
	Mother gladly helped me with my lips, nails, 
eyeliner and shadow.  The open toe flats really 
accented my matching bright pink colored toenails.
	I didn't realize that you and mom had decided 
that I would go half and half.  That is, I'd wear a 
lacy woman's blouse and women's pants, but one of my 
regular sports jackets.  The combination was 
definitely that of a sissy, not a full TV and 
definitely not all male.  Even though my hair wasn't 
particularly styled in a femmy way, it matched my 
feminine flair.  I was really surprised I wasn't 
nervous around all those black men dressed as an 
obviously lesser male.
	Like you said, maybe it's the same type of 
comfort many women feel when they're the only woman in 
a group of men.  They know they're not men and that 
they're different.  Your telling me that did put me at 
ease, because I knew I not only was different but also 
wanted to be treated differently, and as a fem, if I 
may add. 
Also, I just adore your relatives as referring to 
me as being "sweet".  I didn't find out until later 
that meant I was sissyish.  I loved it all, especially 
sucking their big fine hard dicks.  I'm telling you, 
your family line has some fine dick meat in it.  They 
all had many similarities in length, shape, and 
thickness, especially their dick heads.  Also, all the 
hot, thick, creamy rich cum they gave me also seemed 
to have a strong similar flavor.
	It was great to be the only sissy there for 9 big 
dick black men.  It was fun being the group's white 
cocksucker. Except you, everybody else had me mouth 
their dicks twice.  Three of your uncles creamed in my 
mouth 3 times.  I loved to hear them moan as they shot 
off in my mouth.  It was sweet music to my ears.
It was so exciting to have swallowed 20 loads 
from all of you all at the party.  I didn't get a 
chance to eat much of the great food from the buffet 
spread, but I must say, you men fed me quite well with 
your natural dick cream.  I thoroughly enjoyed all 
your tube steaks and hot creamy gravy.
	Even though you only let me suck you off once, I 
should've known you had something else planned.  Thank 
you so much Rufus darling.  Taking me to that motel 
was fantastic.  I was so surprised when you handed me 
that pre-packaged enema kit and sissy pussy lube kit.  
However, but your kissing me at the same moment you 
handed them to me let me know all that I needed to 
know.  I was really excited at your offer to fuck me 
and treat me like I was indeed a woman.  I was so 
excited that you wanted to fuck me, and fuck me you 
did.  I mean the way you humped my sissy ass pussy was 
GREEEEEAAAAAAT!!!  
	I felt so connected and bonded to you both times 
you shot your jism deep in me.  It was so delightful 
and an honor for me being your pussy.
	Doing that for me as a way of paying me back for 
entertaining your relatives was so sweet of you.
	You slipping that big rod of yours in me will be 
a very treasured moment for me always. After all, you 
took my cherry darling.
	Another very tender moment was after we finished 
fucking, and were luxuriating in the afterglow of our 
last coupling.  Remember when you had me lay across 
your lap and suckle your not so soft prick as we 
watched TV?  I just loved leisurely lapping and 
licking your long black shaft, letting my fingers play 
in your bushy pubic hair, handling, lapping and 
mouthing your hairy soft balls, and most of all 
letting my tongue flit and fit in the pee slit of your 
nice dick head as I caught and sucked down any oozing 
dregs of your leaking cum.
	Darling, the whole evening and night was a very 
special and magical event for me.  I know I love being 
your sissy woman when you need me to.
	And Rufus, you don't ever have to apologize for 
asking me for motel room money.  I will gladly do so 
anytime you want me for a motel date.  No questions 
asked.  I MEAN IT!!
	Speaking of money, I know you were joking about 
getting your relatives to pay you, for me sucking 
their cocks.  But after I thought about it later the 
next day, and the way you brought it up in the 
conversation, it didn't dawn on me at the time what 
you really might've been trying to communicate to me.  
Forgive me for being dimwitted.  Rufus darling, if you 
were really trying to lead into, or get a reaction as 
to whether I would suck dicks for you, for money, the 
answer is YES!!  YES!!  YES!!
	I would be delighted to suck strange men's dicks 
for your profit.  Darling, I want you to have money to 
get the nice things you deserve. All I would ask in 
return, is that you fuck me, from time to time, as you 
did last night in the motel.  That's all the treat I'd 
ask for.
	Thanks so much for involving me in your life.

	Lovingly,
	Regina, your sissy woman, slut, and maybe your 
whore to be (Please?)

END OF LETTER #2
LOOKOUT FOR LETTER #3, 

Comments: es2c@hotmail.com
	
	
