How Did It Begin?
By onemadvagabond
Chapter 5

It felt like it took forever to get home.  It really didnt though.  I jogged quite a bit of it, and being young and fairly athletic it took less than a half hour.  What surprised me a little was that I did not really think of much on the way.  I was just pissed.  I got to our street and was almost to my driveway when I noticed Emilys mom pull in and park her car.  I stopped where I was and looked over at her as she got out of her car.

Mrs. Erickson waved at me.  Hi Evan, how are you?  She asked with that overly polite attitude.

I just stared at her for a moment.  Seeing the choker around her neck I knew that I was still missing something, but it was becoming a little clearer.  Mrs. Erickson, I thought you and Emily had a thing today? I dont know why I said the next thing that came out of my mouth but for some reason it seemed the right thing to say, and before she had her chance to respond I continued.  It seemed to me that she found a few other things to do today.

She proved two things.  The first was that I had hit the mark and the second was that she knew what her daughter was doing when her hand went to her mouth as it dropped open.  Evan, I think maybe we should talk, she said and even though I didnt know exactly what was going on talking to her was not going to happen.

The way that she said nothing about how Emily had spoken to her the day before, and that she had no problem with how Emily was dressed told me enough.

Please Evan, come over here so we can talk about this, she pleaded.  I just shook my head and walked away from her going into my house.

My parents were having a late lunch.  Evan, hey boy, if your done running around you can help me plant some trees, my dad said as he saw me heading for my room.  It never failed.

I spent the next two hours digging holes for a couple of fruit trees, helping my parents with a few other things in the yard, and avoiding the questions from my parents about what was bothering me.

I took a shower and locked myself in my room.  My whole world had crashed down around me.  What I couldnt figure out was how Emilys mom fit into everything.  Was she out fucking my teenage friends as well, and what the hell was with those chokers?

One thing I knew for sure was how Emily had been so good at the blowjobs she had given me.  She had apparently had plenty of practice.

My mother knocked on my door trying to get me to open up and talk to her.  She wanted to know what was bothering me, but I asked her to leave me alone.  I mean, how do you tell your mother that youre pissed because you witnessed your girlfriend cheating on you with four of your friends and her own daughter.  I almost gave in and told her because of that.

----------

A few minutes after five, someone tried to open my door.  It was a minute before the person spoke.  Hey little brother, why is your door locked?  I heard my sister ask.

I was afraid to talk to her right then.  I wanted to know what was going on, but at the same time I really didnt.  I was afraid to talk to her though, because of the things I had seen and I also knew that if she played one of her little games she likes playing by getting under your skin all hell would break loose, so I ignored her.

Oh well, if you want to talk about it little brother, Ill be here for about an hour, then Im going over to Amys.

I thought thats where you were going this morning whore.  I yelled through the door.

That hurts little brother, Ashley paused a moment before continuing.  So Jill wasnt kidding that you saw?  You must be pissed.  Jill said you called Emily your ex.  So after all that time spent youre going to get rid of her before you get some?  You should at least get a grudge fuck little brother, she said in her sarcastic tone.

I jumped off my bed and bolted for the door.  When I opened it and she saw the look in my eyes she jerked back and bolted for her room, locking her door just before I got to it.  I kicked it and tried the handle even though I knew it was locked.  The slamming of the door and loud bang of my foot failed to bring a yell from my father so I knew that my parents were still outside.

What the fuck did you do Ashley?  The way youve been acting I know you have something to do with this, I yelled through her door.  She said nothing.  She had held that grudge against Emily and I for so long and then all of a sudden she acted like she had forgotten about it.  I had a number of scenarios going through my head but I couldnt see how Emily would so easily go along with her and do those things.  I mean they hated each other didnt they, and what the hell did her mom have to do with it?  Since I was pissed and wanted to take it out on someone I figured I would make sure she was scared.  She knew how far she could push me with my temper, and when she saw me once I opened my door she knew she had gone beyond that limit.  You might want to find another place to live Ash.  Even if you wont tell me, Ill find out exactly whats going on and even dad will not save you.

I went back to my room locking the door.

----------

Over the next several hours I was disturbed many times.  My mom knocked on my door three times.  Once telling me that dinner was ready if I were hungry.  A second time telling me she was there for me if I wanted to talk and a third time telling me that Emily was there and wanted to see me.  The answer was no to all three.

Emily knew that I knew what she had been doing.  She never just came over.  My phone rang half a dozen times before I unplugged it.  After what I had seen, talking to her would not happen anytime soon.  My mom knocked on my door telling me goodnight a little after ten, which was the last time I was disturbed that evening.  Finally it was quiet.

I hid out all day Sunday.  Ashley took off early, trying to avoid me I thought.  Emily had chosen not to stop by.  I suspected that she did not want to figure out something to tell my mom as to why we were having problems.  The two of us had always gotten along so well, and in fifteen years we had known one another we had never had more than a simple argument.

----------

I woke up late Monday morning.  I was starving having not eaten dinner the day before.  I decided to forgo my morning stretch, not wanting to feel good that morning.  It was after ten so I knew my sister had gone to work.  Her employer had moved her to the day shift once school had let out.  Lucky for her I thought.

At eleven the doorbell rang.  I looked out the front window and saw that it was Emily.  It didnt matter how bad I wanted to know why she was cheating on me, I couldnt talk to her.  I just ignored her and kept watching TV.

It was five minutes later that the main house phone started to ring.  She hung up and called back for fifteen minutes before I decided to answer it to tell her to quit calling.

I thought you were smart?  Do you expect me to believe that you cant figure out I dont want to talk to you?  I said as I picked up the phone.

Evan please, I need to talk to you.  I need to explain, she responded with a quiver in her voice, sounding like she had been crying.

Why dont you go talk to Mike or Sean or one of my other so-called friends?  You seem to have a really good rapport with those guys all of a sudden, or maybe they just like your blowjobs and pussy.  In that case you can go talk to your friend Jill, or maybe Ashley, you seem to really be getting along with her lately, I said as I hung up.

----------

I calmed down for a little while after the call from Emily.  I watched TV for a bit and tried to forget about it.  I had been sitting on the couch in the living room when I saw Mike walking across the street going from Emilys back to his house.  That brought the memory of what I had seen him do two days prior.  It had obviously not been their first time.  He just stripped and knelt behind her.

I had been fuming for two days and needed to let off some steam.  My first thought was to go out there and kick his ass, but I was too pissed at the moment and thankfully thought better of it.  I knew that I wanted to break something though and it only took about a minute to figure out what it would be.  I went into the garage and grabbed a few tools.  Heading back upstairs and out the back door, I headed for our old fort.  It wasnt that I was a violent person, because I wasnt.  I would hold it all in sometimes and Emily would be able to talk to me which would make me feel better.  Considering it was because of her that time, I needed some way to release that pressure, and what better way than to destroy the small building that Emily, Mike and myself had built together.

Standing there looking at it almost changing my mind, I realized that the two times she had given me a blowjob there, it had been after she had been out with friends.  With that thought I began my demolition.  It took about forty minutes with a sledge hammer and crowbar, but I had the room sized building lying on the ground and strewn down the little hill in a pile of rubble.  Nearly every board had been splintered and broken.  Finally feeling a little better, and slightly less angry I put the tools down, and took a seat on one of the cinder blocks.

I guess the loud noises I had been making were what had alerted Emily that I was back there.  I had been yelling out when I swung the sledge and the crashing of the heavy hammer against wood echoed through the trees.  I didnt know at what point she had arrived, but once I saw her I could tell she knew how hurt I was.

Emily was standing about thirty feet away.  When I looked at her it had actually caught me by surprise.  If you believed that she were truly upset about hurting me and feeling bad about what she had been doing, you would think she would have gone back to her normal clothing.  There she was though, wearing a skin tight half t-shirt without a bra and shorts that looked like they were a second skin they were so tight.  Nipples and camel toe screaming look at me.  One other thing I noticed though was the little book she was holding in her right hand with that gold bracelet that I wished she had taken off hanging loosely.  I had known her my whole life so I recognized the book.  It was her diary.  Why the hell would she have her diary with her?

What do you want now?  Do you want to explain to me how you got so good at giving blowjobs, or would you like to tell me again that you still want me to be your first?  I guess that could still happen if you havent had a dick up your ass yet. I spoke to her calmly, but my words obviously cut very deep seeing the reaction on her face.  Even after all the anger I had felt I had immediately regretted what I had said to her.

Her eyes were red and puffy, and I saw a tear run down her cheek after I had said what I did.  Evan, I dont expect you to talk to me.  I know what you saw hurt you.  You feel that I betrayed you and Im sorry.  Im going to leave this here.  If you want to know why then read this.  If you truly cared about me please pick this up before you leave and read it.  Im sorry Evan.  I really do love you, she said in a voice that truly sounded sorrier than I had ever heard before.  Emily laid the book on the ground, turned and walked away.

I had been sitting there for over an hour just staring at the trees swaying in the wind trying to decide whether or not I cared enough to find out what she was talking about.  Looking back over the years we had known one another and how everyone had been acting lately I made up my mind.  Grabbing my dads tools so I wouldnt get in trouble for leaving them out there I walked over to where Emily had placed the book on the ground, hesitating for a moment I bent down and picked it up.

By the time I got done with the demolition and my hour or so of reflection, my parents were due home.  I stored the book in my bedside table to read after dinner.

I wanted to skip dinner again but decided to join my family trying to act like everything was fine.  Ashley kept her mouth shut for once.  I figured it was out of self-preservation, both for what I might do to her and what I might let come out of my mouth about what I had seen her doing.  She had been working her whole life at trying to keep our parents thinking that she was the perfect daughter.  I did enjoy her discomfort immensely either way as I stared at her with the slightest of smiles while we ate.

Retreating to my room and locking my door I got comfortable and pulled her diary out of my night stand.  It had a lock on it that held the cove so that the pages were hidden behind it.  Emily had left the clasp undone.  I opened the book and saw that she had a page bookmarked.

I took my time reading the fifteen pages or so that were covered from top to bottom, front to back with everything that had happened.  Every act.  Every thought.  Every feeling.  Every regret.  I truly believed that the actions described on those pages were what had really happened and were also Emilys true feelings about those things that had happened.  Once I had finished I knew who was responsible, who was involved and above all else who deserved my anger.  I also learned from the way Emily described her feelings about certain parts and although she had not intentionally done those things I had seen and read about, I would probably never be able to forgive her.
To be continued
