The Family Bundle - Part 3
 
Written by: am101 - email:  am1013093@uid.onemain.com

TRULY ADULT MATERIAL - If you are under 18, this story is not for your eyes.

This is the continuing story of family members, joined at the hip by primal instincts with each other and truly close friends. If you want to explore incest and family togetherness, these stories are for you. This is Babs Ently's narrative of her trip East to visit Jerry in Tarrytown NY. Enjoy!

(F/F, M/F+, M/M, inc)

Oh boy, what a night. First we packed our clothes, we said good bye naked and in bed to our loved ones, and just made it to the airport to take the Red Eye to New York.

Julie, my daughter, and I sat in the first class seats that our son Jerry got for us, and we had all the comforts including a luscious stewardess who was very attentive to our needs.

I asked for a blanket for each of us and pillows, and she couldn't have been nicer. She sat and talked for quite a while, and then left us alone to sleep for the rest of the trip.

Of course we were glad to see her go, because beneath the blankets, Julie and I had lowered our pants, and were prepared to diddle each other to climax to enhance our dreams in flight.

We did just that, I found Julie's clit, and she mine, and we both bit our lower lips as we drifted into orgasmic heaven more or less at the same time. Lots of wiggling and wincing, but no noise.

We then adjusted our clothing, and went to sleep.

Now, I am in the car with Jerry heading to Tarrytown NY our destination. Jerry arranged with a very attractive man to drive Julie into New York City to visit her friend for the rest of the weekend, so it is just Jerry and I on this sunny early Saturday morning.

I am sitting looking at Jerry and he seems to have changed a bit in these two months since I'd seen him. He is in command of things and purposeful. He apparently has found a niche, and is blossoming in it.

We pull into his house, and wrestled all the bags into the bedrooms, Julie and I have our own. The house is beautiful for a rental, and very well kept, which really pleased me. Jerry used to be a bit of a slob in my house.

I texted my husband and let him know we were in New York safely. He of course is asleep it is 7 AM here and 4 in Eugene.

I came out of my room and found Jerry poking around with his computers, and he quickly left them, to be attentive to his mother. Nice.

"Are you settled?" He asked.

I smiled, "Not yet but close. I want a shower and then a nap. I don't sleep well in a plane."

"OK - you and Julie share the bath, so make yourself to home. I may take a nap too, I have been up since 4:30 and a little more shut eye would be welcome." Jerry is such a gentleman.

I ask where he sleeps, and he showed me his large bedroom with its own bath, and a huge King sized bed that looked so comfy.

I left for my room and began the process to clear my body from these rumpled clothes. When I reached behind to undo the bra, I couldn't get it to undo. I took the straps off my shoulders and pulled my arms out, to move the back of the bra to the front so I could see what the matter was.

The hooks were not done right in the first place and I could not undo them as the loops seemed deformed or something.

"Hey Jerry could you come here for a moment?" I sort of hollered down the hall.

Jerry came and he was down to his boxers, no shirt, and very sexy for a 24 year old.

"Could you undo this damned bra please? It is all screwed up and I can't make head or tail of it." I was covering my breasts and nipples best I could, but there was still plenty for him to drool over.

"Gee Mommy how did this get so messed up?" He is smiling as he worked on the clasp.

"Just get it undone will you? I want to take a shower. Are you going to do the same thing before your nap?"

"I guess I could Mommy, but ah here I have it opened. Why don't we share my shower with all the nozzles and sprays and room? You will be so relaxed afterwards from the feelings it produces. There is plenty of room for us both." He is looking at my breasts and I think his boxers are displaying a frontal growth.

I grab a towel and drape it over my shoulders to cover my boobs, and we wander to his bathroom. The shower is immense and has like ten nozzles that make water come from all directions.
 
"Now Jerry it has been a long time since you and I took a bath together, so a few things have changed that you should be aware of." I am snickering a bit of course.

"Oh Mommy let's get into the shower and we'll worry about all that later." He turns on some nozzles and the water is perfect. So I drop my towel on a chair, slip out of my scanty panties, and immediately duck into the water.

Jerry's boxers hit the floor, and his nice hard, impressively long cock points right at me. He steps into the water, and using a sponge and some body wash, begins to soap my back. Soon his hands are on my arms, and he turns me around so the water can wash the soap off my back.

My nipples are not quite touching his rib cage, he is that close.

"Jerry men and women in a shower are naked and see parts of each other they never see otherwise. I am your Mom, and you must be respectful of my private parts. The same is true of me when it come to your body. I can see things I have not seen in many years, and things have changed. Most for the better I might add." I am now using the same sponge soaping his chest. I stop at his tummy button; he can do the rest himself.

"Gee Mommy you are so beautiful." And he adds some nozzles from a new direction, low down, and pulsating. He has my pussy in the line of fire and it is no accident I suspect.

"Oh Jerry!" I say as the jets are tickling me deliciously. "You shouldn't have done that. But it does feel wonderful." I use the sponge and slip it between my legs and wash my pussy with care and love. Then I let the water jets remove the soap suds, and I use my hand to be sure I am clean.

"Mommy can I look?" Jerry mumbles as he stoops to see my pussy.

He takes the sponge and washes my legs all the while looking right up at my clit and swollen outer lips. He has a glint in his eye.

I exclaim, "Jerry remember what I said, respect other peoples parts in a shower."

He rises and gives me the sponge and points to his crotch.

I know my face turned red. "Jerry it isn't right at our age for me to wash you there any more than to let you wash me between my legs. You are a grown man not the child I used to wash in the tub."

He put more body wash on the sponge and offered it to me again. "Please Mommy, you are so good at it.?"

I took it from him and began to soap his tummy and slowly went down to his penis and around it to his balls and beyond, while looking into his eyes the whole time. I didn't need to look down there because like touch typing, once you know the keyboard you know where all the parts are and how to make them work.

In this case, his cock was already at attention, and when I looked to see if I have completed the job, there was pre-cum on the end of that large shaft. I used my hand to be sure I got all the creases soaped properly, and even rubbed his rosebud to be sure it too was clean. Then I closed my hand on his shaft, and used the pre-cum to slick his cock and he took a deep breath.

He groaned when I took my hand away, and I moved him so the lower jets were now rinsing his lower body, not mine. "There you go darling, all nice and clean in your private parts."

"Mommy that felt wonderful, can you do it again?" He looks sheepishly at me like a child knowing that asking for more ice cream will get the no answer.

I take the sponge and do my breasts right in front of him, I rinse and say, "There I am done and I think you are too Son."

I step out of the shower, towel off my body, and without looking at him, head out of the bathroom after checking to see my hair wasn't wet. I have my towel around my breasts but it barely covers my butt which he surely watches as I move.

He comes out of the bath dry and clean, and heads right to his bed. "Mommy, can you sleep with me please? I have missed you for so long, and it would be so comforting."

"Oh son, I guess so, but I really need sleep, so no talking."

He moves over in the bed, and I slip in and snuggle into a pillow.

"Mommy can I hug you. I love you and want to feel your warmth close to me?"

I snuggle my back into his body, and he puts his arm around my waist and holds my tummy with his hand. I can feel his naked cock on my butt crease, and he wriggles so it slips inside slightly like fitting into a case. He is leaking again and I feel the liquid slip between my cheeks and his cock. He slides the shaft a little in the slippery confines and I hear him breathing deeply again.

Now normally I might object to having my second child being so brazenly familiar with my body, but in this case we have been apart for so long and little leeway is in order. He is not a little boy anymore, so I have to be careful.

I murmur my approval of his snuggling, and before I know it, he has my right breast in his hand, and he directly begins to roll my nipple.

"Jerry what are you doing?"

"I want to feel the nipple I used to suck when I was a baby. Can I suck it one time please?"

I roll over, and say, "OK now mister, no more roll playing Jerry. I'm tired of the kid act. I am going to suck and taste you and then I am going to drink your warm sperm and share some of it with you. Is that OK?"

Jerry and I began to kiss, and fondle and love each other just as we have since he was 12. 

He began to masturbate at 12, and his Dad had "that talk" with him. I was the practice dummy so to speak. We used my body to demonstrate how he should make love to a woman. And Jerry made wonderful love to me.
 
His first climax was a treat to see. He came the minute his cock touched my pussy. It was wonderful and warm and messy, it was just great. His second cum can only be described as full filling, and deep inside me.

Jerry and I have made love hundreds of times, and now as I slowly lifted his cock to my lips, I remember how delicious he tastes and I drool in anticipation.
 
He is so beautiful with that long hard penis just dripping with clear juices which I spread on his shaft so I am sure to taste his pre-cum as I slip his shaft all the way down my throat.. I have missed his lovemaking; it is so exciting and different from the wonders of my husband's attentions.

The head of Jerry's cock is soft yet hard at the same time as it slides on my tongue. He is really dripping lots of pre-cum onto my taste buds, and I realized he might be very close.

I took his shaft out of my mouth and kissed my way up his body until he took my nipple in his mouth and sucked and licked so softly and lovingly. His eyes looked into mine as he lovingly nipped at the end, and licked softly while sucking like a baby. He turned slowly so he was now kissing my tummy working his way to my pussy to lick and suck.

I slid down his body and his cock was on my forehead as I kissed and licked his balls sack.. I hesitated a moment to feel that warmth which a cock shaft can produce, and then let him push until his entire length was inside and tickling my tonsil. We both moaned at the feelings of love this all represented.

We wasted no time. We moved slowly and deliberately into the dance of lovers, hips moving apart then back together then apart and together, until we were both ready. He stopped and he fingered my clit and stuck his tongue into my love tunnel sucking and licking while tickling my clit. Then with little effort we together plunged into that orgasmic cloud that is so dense and deep when two lover's climax together.
 
He shoots pulse after pulse of warm semen into my mouth which I swallow or let pool in my cheeks. All the while I am squirming and writhing with a deep orgasm oozing my cream into his mouth as he stroked and lick my entire pussy. 
I shuttered with his pulsing shaft inside me. I wriggled and we kissed until we lost our breath and just hugged until the orgasmic episode was finished. We turned and our hips ground together as I kissed him and dribbled sperm into his mouth and he let me lick his lips, covered in my coital cream and juice. We hugged.

We kissed. We looked deeply into each other's eyes. I told him I loved him and he kissed me so sweetly, I was shaking with pleasure.

I brought my fingers to his mouth and he licked them clean. We kissed, he put his hand on my breast and softly rolled the nipple, and I closed my eyes, exhausted.

I lay there and remembered the night after our first lesson in copulating; Jerry came home after a date, and as required checked in with us that he was home. He opened the bedroom door, and there we were husband and wife father and mother, making love.
 
My husband was on his side, and his cock was deep into my pussy. I too was on my side, and Jerry could see through my cheeks and legs to where his Dad's cock was moving in and out of his Mom's very juicy hole.

Jerry quietly sat on the bed, and we just continued our lovemaking while he ogled our parts all juicy and pink.

His Dad came and his cock pulsed as he moved in and out of my love cave. Near the end of my husband's orgasm, his cock came out of me, and he shot a dollop of sperm up my bottom crack, across my puckered hole, and onto the edge of my bottom cheek. My lover  re-inserted his cock immediately into my hungry vagina and it continued to pulse a few more times until it shrunk it and fell out.

Jerry wasted no time. He took hold of my upper cheek, lifted it and licked his Dad's white semen from my bottom cheek. He drew it apparently into his mouth, swallowed. Then he returned to lick and suck my crease, rosebud and outer parts of my vagina to savor what was left of his Dad's shot of sperm.

I think that was Jerry's first taste of another's cock juice. My husband didn't see Jerry do that, and Jerry never talked to me about it But I knew, he knew, I knew.

I dreamed of my husband and I loving each other and this Saturday morning was gone for me. I slept until noon, and then rose, got dressed, and met Jerry in the living room. He smiled at me and said, "You are beautiful Mom."

I kissed him on the forehead, and went for coffee.

Gee this is a beautiful place. It is nicely furnished, with views of hills and valleys and even some looks at the Hudson River some distance away. I drank my coffee, and I gazed at the scenery.
 
Jerry's phone buzzed and apparently one of the girls he has been seeing is coming over for a visit. I think her name is Kate.

Jerry fills me in on his amorous exploits since coming here, and although exciting, it hasn't been too productive. No matter, Jerry knows how to meet girls and have fun, so as he settles in and develops a work schedule with some regularity to it, he will have a harem in no time.

He also told me about his boss Ben who is gay and not at all inclined toward women in bed. Jerry told me how he tamed George the boss's companion and best friend.
 
Jerry thinks I might be able to help George see the beauty of the feminine side of sex, and I told Jerry we'll see about that. I am not a lion tamer, but I can charm men, particularly the rooster type.

The doorbell rang, and we opened the door to see a huge man who said, "Kate is here to see you. Let me know if you want me to come retrieve her."

Jerry said, "George come in for a moment will you. I want you to meet my guest, my mother, Babs Ently."

George screwed up his face and waited until this beautiful girl Kate came inside, and then he entered too.

I introduced myself to Kate, and we looked at each other as though we had known the other for years. I smiled, she smiled, and we were on the same page. She is gorgeous and so desirable, and I guess she must have felt the same about me.

I looked at George, and he is a hard man with a plain but very kind face. He took my hand and said, "Jerry says wonderful things about you, and I can see you are everything he said you are."

I led him into the living room and we went to sit by the window. I asked him to tell me what I was seeing, and he very politely and lucidly told me landmarks, names of hills, and a couple of stories about the fabled Tarrytown, NY area. We talked without the other two for about 20 minutes. It was very nice.
 
I turned and said, "Jerry we haven't offered our guests anything."

We adjourned to the kitchen and found a beer for George, water for Kate and I, and some lemonade for Jerry. We gabbed a bit, and then Kate told us that she was going to the Virgin Islands this week on a last minute fashion shoot for Vogue, a gig she simply cannot miss. She is leaving tomorrow.
 
Jerry is obviously upset, and said; "I so wanted you to get to know my Mom and sister. We will miss you terribly."

Kate smiled that million dollar smile, and said, "I'll be back in the middle of Friday afternoon, so maybe George can put together a pot luck dinner at our house for that night, so we don't miss any time together."

"Oh that is good, I'll have a chance to see your brother too perhaps?" I look quizzically at her.

"Oh yes, I'll see to that." Kate took my hand and kissed it. "I so want you to meet him. He will love to talk to you about your life. He is an author and wants personal details about people; to use perhaps in a story sometime."

Kate and Jerry took each other's hand and went out for a walk leaving me with George who was nursing his beer, and watching me rather closely.

I smile and said, "George.  Jerry tells me you and he have hooked up and you both seemed to enjoy it, is that right?"

George screwed up his face, and almost hissed, "Jerry should keep his love life private."

"George I am his mother, and he shares everything with me. More important he and I hook up and we are lovers too." I smile waiting for his reaction.

"I did not know that, but I can understand completely. Families can be close, and some handle physical relationships very well, so I read."

I am pleased with that answer, and say, "Do you know why I told you that?"

"No" he said. "But I know you will tell me."

"I want you to understand that our family believes sex and all that comes with it is wonderful and should be experienced with joy always. I love my son, and my daughter, and most of all, my husband, but we also want to experience anyone who seems simpatico without guilt. So that leads me to tell you that I find you very desirable, and would like to spend some quality time with you while I am here."

He is thinking about all that looking out the window. He seems to be getting a little disturbed. I take his hand, and he turns to me, "I am gay Mrs. Ently, and women are not in my wheelhouse normally."

"OK, George, first of all I am Babs. Second I am gay too, but I love men also. My daughter especially loves men but she is gay and makes love to women all the time. Jerry is really good at making women happy, and yet he has made love to you and I am sure you enjoyed every moment of it. You are not his only male lover either by the way. So all I am saying is, perhaps you and I could explore a little? No harm no loss."

He leans in to me and says sheepishly, "Slowly? Perhaps we can discuss this tonight at dinner, and some conversation? I'd be willing to explore on that basis."

I take his chin and kiss my finger and place it on his lips, and say, "Deal, sealed with a kiss."

We laughed. We talked about our lives and how we got where we are today. He has humble beginnings, and has worked hard all his life. But he loves his friend Ben, wants to take care of him and the family in the best way he can.
 
Maybe now George is willing to look into his soul to see if there is room for a little closeness with a woman and particularly me.

What a treat that would be.
 
You know, you meet some people and know instantly you could go to bed with them no problem. You don't know that they may not feel the same way. So what do we all do? We dance around the subject, to see where it all leads, and then eventually we join at the hip or just remain friends. 

That is what is happening here, except I think he wants me and is fighting it. I definitely want him. He is powerful and will make an enormously wonderful lover if we ever get naked.
 
Jerry is right George is a tough sell. But if he has an enormously gifted cock as Jerry says, George will be a real conquest for the ages.

But who knows. He could be so bound up with physiological barriers it may take some time to give in to the pent up, perhaps repressed, desires. Perhaps it will never happen.

George gets up and says he will be by at 6:30 to pick me up. No fancy dress we are going dancing at a bar that specializes in country music. Sounds great.

He wants to use the bathroom before he goes. I say, "Yes that beer will go through a person quickly. I'll show you the way."

I took him to my bath, and at the door, I said, "Need any help?"

He laughed, "Not really and an audience will make the job all that harder."

I quip, "Isn't that every girl's dream, harder?"

He stops and looks into my eyes and says, "Jerry told you I have a large item, and you just want to have a look. Am I right?"

I open the door and pull him inside the bathroom. I flip the lid, and say, "Come on big boy, whip it out and let me direct it for you. Then you can hose the toilet down, and we'll roll it up together so you can take it home."

I reach for his fly and he jumps as I begin to unzip him. I open his fly and reach inside his boxers, and pull this long cock from the depths of his pants. It is magnificent and is hardening.

"Come on push and you'll get the gravity feed going. I'll handle the aim."

He laughs, and soon a nice stream of light yellow pee arches to the toilet, and continues for about 30 seconds. He spurts the last of it, almost as if he is filling my pussy with sperm, and he takes a deep breath. I shake it once then again, and all drops fall in the toilet.

He reaches for his cock to repack it in his pants, and I stop him.

"Let me see will you? It is so warm and soft, and it is thick." I am drooling to put it in my mouth, but I hesitate. "Very nice George, you should be proud. It is every girl's dream."

He takes his weapon and puts it away for the trip home. He smiles, "Did you enjoy that?"

I reached for his neck and as I pulled his face to mine and said, "Thank you so much for the viewing. Not everyone would have done that. You are comfortable in your skin, which is very nice and sexy."

I kissed him on the lips, and he returned it.

I walked him to the door, and he turned to me. "First meeting: a kiss that was wonderful, and a groping, also wonderful. You are quite a woman."

"See you at 6:30 George." I said as I closed the door.

I turned and went into my room. I stripped and dug my white bikini out of my stuff. 

I put the panties on. They are very sparse, more like a thong. The front is a very small triangle which at the bottom becomes a strip of material that just covers my pussy and ass, and then narrows considerably up through my butt crack to the waistband that is about an inch and a half wide. It is designed to maximize the suntan, while doing very little except to cover my private parts.

The bra is a joke. My ample breasts do not fit into the triangles of material, just the end of my boobs where the nipple needs sun protection. There are strings that tie the two triangles together and the bottoms of the triangles slide along the string which circles around to the back, making them adjustable, for nipple coverage. Most of my breast flesh is exposed to the sun's rays, and men's eyes, both desirable.

I prefer no clothes while sunbathing, but with all the goings and cummings here, I'd best "Cover up".

I went out side, with Jerry whistling at me as I went by his computer room, and plopped myself on a lounger. The sun was warm and the view of the valley well worth the time to ponder. I adjusted my triangles, to cover my best assets, and closed my eyes.

I must have dozed off, because I became aware of footsteps. I heard a chair being dragged over to where I am sitting, and I opened my eyes to see who is joining me.

There is a man about 55 sitting next to me, with a grin on his face. No wonder, I am just about naked.

He is looking out to the valley, and says, "Really nice view don't you think?"

I turn on my hip to look at him more closely, and say, "You or the valley?"

He laughed. "I mean the view of the valley. I just love the peace and quiet here don't you?"

"It is very pleasant, and apparently you can meet nice people here. My name is Babs Ently, and you are?"

"Oh I am sorry, we haven't met have we. I am Ben Poister - Jerry's boss on this job."

This is a very weathered guy. He has spent many hours in the wild doing something. A deep tan, and broad shoulders give him a mysterious look, His hands are folded in front of him, they are the hands of an indoor person, so opposite to the rest of his body.

He is looking at me from toe to hairdo, and seems to like what he sees.

"So you are the writer that Jerry is so keen to help. It is nice to meet you. I am sorry I am in my not so altogether, but you caught me relaxing after that cross county trip."

His smile never leaves, "Jerry told me about your coming to visit, and I wanted to meet the mother of such a talented young man. I am taken by your beauty."

Oh boy, flattery. His eyes are burning into mine. He is trying to read me, and I guess I am telling him that I am embarrassed about being nearly naked at our first meeting.

He moves his finger over to my right breast and softly, using only his fingernail, scrapes the very end of my hardening nipple. "I haven't seen one of those in quite a while. I am a gay man, and I hope I am not too forward?"

I don't move and quite enjoy the pleasure of his feeling me up so to speak. "No I am an extravert actually, so display is one of my pleasures, as you can see. Hard nipples don't grow on trees, just excited women."

He laughs. "Excited? In this short time? Really?"

I respond, "Yes. When a man touches my nipple in kindness and purpose, I get excited."

He laughs and says, "Mrs. Ently you are very sexy and smart. I hope we get to know each other this week a little better. I promise to leave your nipples alone. I just couldn't resist this time."

"I reserve my first name Babs only to a man who touches my nipples. Tell me have you ever taken on a woman like me and ravished her?" I am interested in his reaction.

He smiles, "You are piece of work. I haven't had a woman in ten years, and prefer men really. Something about a penis that sends me bonkers." He is chuckling.

I am really laughing now, "I feel the same way, so we have something in common."

He touches my cheek, and says, "What do you really like besides making men horny?"

"Simple really, I like my family, I like politics, I like art. I like teasing men, and I love naked women. Just a couple of things I really like." He is confused.

"You like naked women? To look at, to touch, to make love too, or what?"

I think I've got him here, "I am bi-sexual. Penises and pussies are two of my passions. I enjoy licking both of them and making their owners moan with pleasure."

He reaches over and touches my nipple again but this time with the tip of his fingers and he massages it. He smiles, licks his lips, and says, "Such a sexy woman I should have known she would be all things to all sexes."

I could go for the gold here and ask if he would cross over to women, but I think leaving that question unasked, is sexy and perplexing for him. He will wonder a long time why I didn't ask.

"Did you come over to see me, or did you come over to see Jerry?"

"I came to see Jerry, I've done that, and he suggested I come over and touch your nipple to wake you. So you can blame him not me, I was just following orders."

I chuckle, "Like most men, you fondly remember not mother's milk, but the container it was served from. It is one of the gifts our creator blessed all women with, breasts, Unforgettable, delicious, and soft."

"Let me write that down will you? I may use it in a book I am writing." He laughs.

I wriggle my body and lift my upper leg so my barely covered pussy is now at the apex of my legs.

He sees the treasure, doesn't change expression, saying, "You are an exhibitionist and a beautiful one. Have I made you wet?"

I don't skip a beat, "You want to check for me?"

"Oh perhaps some other time, Babs. I assume you are, and that makes me happy, knowing you are titillated and I had something to do with it. It has been a long time since I have had that pleasure."

"Ben - are you and I going to see each other again? I mean other than the dinner planned for Friday."

He rises and says, "We'll see. Come visit me at my house and let me show you my treasures there." He laughs.

"Ben - are you hard?"

He turns back and says, "Getting there Babs - Getting there."

Oh baby I hit the big one out of the park. He has an interest in getting inside me. He is titillated and although he may be resisting on principle, he can be had. I know it.

There is nothing like the passion and exuberance of a Gay man making love to a woman in my opinion. If properly nurtured, it can be a fantastic sexual experience.

This is why getting George to open up and make love to me is so desirable.
 
I lay back down and absorb the sun. Eventually I heard footsteps again, and it was a beautiful young woman who came and sat next to me. She is so cute, with a wonderful body, and fantastic eyes.

"Hi, I am Sue, Kate's roommate and Jerry's maid. Those two are thinking of having a nice quiet dinner here tonight and want you and George to stay and enjoy the company rather than going out. What do you think?" She is smiling.

"Well there isn't much food here, so someone will have to shop. And I don't know what George will say. He invited me out not the other way around."

Sue looks at the view, and says, "We have settled on the food, and I'll go get it along with some wine, and George will help he is a fantastic cook so I'm sure he will love to show you his talents in that area." Sue is laughing.

"I'll go along with whatever the majority wants. I love dancing so I'll miss that, but being with you guys will be wonderful." I smile. "Sue tell me about yourself. Do you have a significant other, are you attached to Kate, and do you like men?"
 
She is aghast at the questions. "Well yes I like men, I prefer to make love to women, I love Kate deeply, and I am intrigued by your son. Does that answer your questions?"

"Sorry Sue," I hold out my hand to her. "I just wanted to know you better and am not given to subtle chit chat." She takes my hand and moves to sit next to me on the lounger.

Sue kisses my hand, and says, "I am pleased to meet Jerry's Mom. He speaks so highly of you and your husband. Jerry and I have had a dalliance recently, and he treats a woman with tenderness and grace, which I am sure you taught him."

I smile and kiss her hand, "Thank you for that. I would be absolutely thrilled to stay and have dinner and an evening with you guys, and I bet George will too. So let's plan it and do it."  She puts her hand on my tummy and spreads her fingers to softly feel my skin.

"Wow you are hot," she is giggling a bit. "Hot literally and perhaps should come in from the sun. You are hot figuratively as well of course. You are beautiful and very sexy, just laying here and sort of glowing."

She is right, it is time to go inside, and maybe take a bath or nap. Depends I guess upon what we find inside, with all the comings and goings. Sue is going shopping, so a little close time with her is out of the question. Jerry and Kate are probably already joined at the hip, so a nap is the likely route.

I gather my things, and put my arm around Sue as we walk inside. She does the same to me, rubbing softly on my hip pointer, and her fingers just touching my tummy. She knows how to turn a girl on that is for sure.

Kate and Jerry are talking in the sitting room, both dressed. They seem close, but not physical yet. Maybe I have that wrong, but so it seems.

I go with Sue to the kitchen and she turns to me, presses her body to my almost naked front, and kisses me right on the lips - boom. Her hand slips inside my bikini bottoms and her fingers slip inside my butt crack. I kiss her back, and say, "We should go to my room and get naked."

Her hand moves the material covering my right nipple aside and she pinches and rolls the nipple softly. She kisses it, and strokes it with her tongue.
 
"We'll finish this later, but I want you to know, I want to make you cum, and can't wait to have you make me cum. You are so beautiful I must kiss and lick every inch." Sue kneads my breast with her hand and plumps it up so the nipple is extended. She takes it in her mouth and sucks, while her eyes are searching mine.

"So you would rather go shopping?" I say hoarsely. I touch her cheek with my hand, and kiss her again.

"Duty calls, madam." Sue says kissing me back, and she moves the material of my suit back over that wet nipple. The material soaks up the moisture, and becomes transparent showing my brown breast aureole and nipple for the world to see.

Sue slips away, and I head for the bedroom for a nap. I remove the bikini and slide inside the sheets. I put my fingers at my clit, rub lightly for a while, and slowly slip into dreamland with visions of Sue naked next to me.

At some point, someone is getting into bed with me. I turn as see Jerry, naked, with a large hard cock slowly moving toward my body. I pull him to me and he enters me without so much as a kiss. I gasp, and he kisses my shoulder as he slides way deep inside. I can feel he is very wet, and so am I.

He looks up at me with hands pulling my hips to him as close as he can get. "I really need you Mom." He whispers.

`I really need you too darling." And we begin to undulate with next to no preliminaries. "I want you to cum deep inside Jerry. I want you to fill me to capacity. I am so horny only you can satisfy me."
I have been dreaming of raw fucking, with wild men, and I want that gone, with my son loving me softly and lovingly.

He responds by sucking my nipples and kissing my chest and shoulder, and pulling his long cock out and then back inside deeply. At one point he slips out of me, and I reach down to put him back inside. We are both breathing heavily, and kissing whatever we can find.
 
Suddenly, he stiffens his whole body, quickens his pace of in and out, and he brings me to orgasm which sends him over his cliff, and we wriggle and slide and plunge together as he fills me with hot sperm and I gobble it up with my hungry pussy.

Jerry keeps me close hugging and sliding in and out through the liquid we both contributed to the passage where his cock swims. He does not go down to a shriveled sausage, he stays hard, and we kiss and rub with the pleasure.

"Are you going again, cause I am ready?" I ask.

He says nothing and slows his plunging and withdrawals, while stroking my back and kissing me. I squeeze his cock with my vaginal muscles, and it is hard, softer than when spurting, but hard nonetheless.

"That girl really has you by the cock doesn't she?" I whisper to him.

He wriggles, and puts a hand on my Mons and finger stroking my clit. "I want you again, and this time it is you I will be making love too, not her."

I can't believe it but he begins again, and we soon are deep into orgasmic heaven, with him spurting hot juice while I am wildly wriggling and moaning with pleasure. It was wonderful.

I feel him leave me, and I quickly go to clean his cock so beautiful and shiny with his sperm and my juices all over it. I put it in my mouth and the explosion of taste, sent me into a mini-climax, and I shook. He held me close, and I licked him clean and pink and soft and beautiful. Just the way a son should look.

We held each other, and I went to sleep with his face between my breasts, his favorite place to be. I hope.

He woke me later; he was sucking our juices from my oozing pussy. I guess he must have put his hand down there and felt the moisture, so he dipped for a drink. He brought some up to me and in a deep kiss, dropped it on my tongue. God it is delicious.

"We have to get ready, everyone will be here soon." He softly pressed my breast and rolled a nipple. "Such beauty," he said.

We got up and I went to shower. I want to be fresh for George and whoever else wants to lick my pussy tonight. I douched, and soaped, and brought myself off once more with soapy fingers, before leaving the warmth of the water, and toweling off.

I dressed in jeans and country shirt, and bare feet. I decided on a bra in case we danced, to give the men or women something to behold. My breasts in a bra are impressive if I do say so. They aren't huge globes, but in my specially fitted bras, my breasts are pointy yet round, plump, yet taut, and sexy beyond words according to every report.
 
I went out into the house, and there were the folks waiting for my entrance it seemed. I paraded in as if coming down a stair in an evening dress, and we all laughed. George has jeans and a western shirt on, so we match. He looks handsome and docile, and he is smiling ear to ear.

Everyone got a kiss; Jerry a special one. And Sue a hug as well.

We talked over drinks of red wine, and crackers. Eventually George and Sue disappeared into the kitchen and we could hear a lot of giggling as they prepared the meal.

We sat at the dining table, and five of us, looking out the window at the river and hills so beautiful.

We talked and gabbed about everything, and then Jerry got George to tell us how he met Ben. 

Seems George grew up in the piedmont region of South Carolina and eventually went to community college and got a degree in hospitality.

He went to work for a resort at Hilton Head, and Ben came for a conference to stay.
 
Ben fell on some granite steps that were not well lit and cut his knees on the sharp granite step faces.

George had some emergency medical training, and tended to Ben until the rescue squad arrived. G got permission to go to the hospital and help Ben with whatever he needed, as the resort felt completely responsible for the accident. 

Ben was transferred to Charleston, and they took over the treatment Ben was going to need for the deep cuts and bone chipping that occurred. G stayed with him pretty much for 24 hours a day, as Ben was alone with no one to help him with day to day stuff.

Ben eventually decided to have restoration surgery done in New York, and was to transfer there. G resigned his position at the resort and went with Ben to New York-Presbyterian hospital, and has been with him ever since.

George smiled, "And we have loved each other ever since. I had no guy lovers before Ben and have never looked back."

I thought to myself, "What about forward?"

Sue disappeared and came back dressed in her maid's outfit, and served the dessert, which was Floating Island, a real treat for us oldsters. As we ate, Sue did a strip-tease, and morphed into a pixy with a skimpy outfit and did a dance to Taylor Swift's "Love Song". It was hilarious and wonderful.

Flounder, history, strip-tease and Floating Island, what a dinner.

George built a fire, and we sat watching the flames and enjoying the warmth.

Before long Sue was in Kate's lap and she slowly undressed wriggling in that beautiful girl's lap.
 
Sue is a real extravert and moved her glowing skin over to sit in George's lap. She kissed him on the cheek and then naked as a jay bird she wriggled on his lap, almost mimicking copulation, and pretending to have a massive climax.

We all were laughing; even G was feigning participation in the love pageant, by stroking her sides and tickling her ribs. Sue's nipples were inches from George's mouth and he resisted a kiss despite our hooting and egging him on.

Sue then slithered back into her maid's outfit and we could hear her clearing dishes and cleaning the kitchen up. Kate went in to give her a hand.

Jerry looked at G, "You did well for a big fella. You could have had her right here on the hearth and you resisted. I'm not sure I could have done that."

George smiled, "Don't talk like that in front of your mother. Have some respect."

I smiled and said, "Boys we all know that public love making is not satisfying, so George was just being a gentleman by not having sex with a woman despite her being naked and on his lap, so she wouldn't be disappointed."

We laughed. George rose and took my hand and we went to the picture window to look at the view. I looked up into his eyes, "You OK?"

"Yes I just want to change the moment. I have to tell you that I must go home tonight fairly early, as Ben and I are traveling tomorrow to the city for some interviews and we need to pack tonight to be ready when the limo picks us up early."

I put my arm around his waist, and began to walk to my bedroom. Jerry went into the kitchen to help the girls, and didn't see us leave the room.

I closed the door behind us and George was alone with me in my bedroom with its subdued light and warm comforting bed turned down with puffy pillows.

I reached up and kissed him as I unsnapped his western shirt and removed it. I then without asking or looking, undid his belt buckle and jeans and they slipped to the floor.

He stepped out of them, and said, "Be nice lady will you?"

"Oh I will do better than nice, you just watch and join in whenever the mood strikes."

His skin is shiny and smooth with scars on his tummy. I traced them and said, "War wounds?"

He chuckled, looking downward, "Lovers passion." We giggled as I removed my shirt with his help, and my jeans were in a puddle on the floor too.

I took his hand and we climbed on the bed. "George I am going to make love to you, and I hope you reciprocate."

He drew me to him and kissed me deeply. His breathing is heavy, he is warm, and a bit nervous.

I kiss his neck and then his lips, and he undoes my bra and my breasts tumble out onto his chest. His hands are slowly stroking my back from my butt cheeks to my neck and I am getting really excited. He has the moves after all. I don't have to teach.

We kiss and kiss, and I feel his penis rising to the occasion in his boxers. He knows I feel that, and embarrassed perhaps he pulls his hips a bit away.

I move to my knees and cup my breasts and roll each nipple not six inches from his mouth. He leans in and with those enormous hands gently takes each breast from me, and kisses licks and eventually very gently sucks each areole and nipple into his mouth. He has done this before, and he is very gentle.
 
I begin to orgasm a little, with my body going taut, and I roll my head back while enjoying every touch and lick and suck.

I take my thumbs and tuck them into the waistband of my panties and slowly lower that silk to my knees. I lower myself to my butt and slip the panties off my legs, and toss them into his face.  He catches them and puts them over his nose, and moans as he inhales my aroma.

I reach over and softly trace his cock with my fingertips. The shaft is now inflated and pressing to be released from those plaid boxers.
 
"Would a cowboy wear plaid boxers?" I ask.

He giggles through the panties, which he has continued to sniff, "Yes, on Broke-Back Mountain." We laugh.

I kiss his tummy just under his rib cage, and play with his hard cock. I squeeze it as I kiss my way to his tummy button and finally to the edge of his boxers. I take the waistband in my teeth, and begin to pull the material off and down his hips.

He reaches behind his waist and helps lower the shorts, and as he helps, the head of his cock slips into view with a dollop of clear juice all ready and awaiting my tongue. I quickly squeal in delight, drop the pants and swipe my tongue over that beautiful cock-head and clean the tip of his warm juice. It tastes delicious and I moan with satisfaction.

I take his shorts off, and he is now on the bed on his back, completely naked with a 9 inch cock, thick and complete with a bulbous head, throbbing in the air as his blood pressure is rising and his heartbeat increasing with every touch I make to his skin, no matter where it is.
 
"George, you have managed to unveil such a treasure for me here. Just look at it, so thick, so warm. Come feel it."

He places a hand around the base and lifts the shaft pointing it towards me. I slowly move my lips to it and kiss just under the lip of his glans. He sighs and his tummy wriggles with pleasure.

"Oh what a gift G, such a gift." I am in awe and lick the shaft and tilt my head so I can watch his reaction. I slowly go downwards on the outside first and then around the bottom. I suck and lick upwards until I reach the edge of his glans where his most sensitive skin lurks.

I open my mouth so he can see, and ever so slowly put my tongue on that spot and watch his reaction as I lick softly. He closes his eyes and does not move savoring the feeling of exquisite pleasure that I am giving him right this very moment.

"Open your eyes darling," I say to him. "Look, - this is a girl giving you this pleasure."

I lick some more, and notice that another drop of juice is atop his glans. I moan, and move and looking into his eyes suck that juice onto my tongue and lick the underside again, sending him into never-never land.

"Oh my God woman, you are amazing." He is still closed eyed and he is still holding onto the base of his shaft. I take his hand and get him to pump the cock so it makes him have even more feelings and emotions while a naked, with nipples, and breasts swinging freely, girl licks this gay man's cock.

I move and take his whole cock into my mouth, in one stroke, and he slips in deliciously and deeply well down my throat. I have this incredible instrument of such pleasure for both of us, completely inside my mouth and I am looking at his eyes which are a wide as saucers as he sees me lick the top of his balls.

I slide back and release his shaft. I suck the juices from the tip and lick my lips like a cat that just finished a saucer of milk.

I am still holding his cock in my hand, and I must say it is wonderful. Jerry is right, it is thick, veined, hard as a rock, and the dark brown skin topped with a bulbous head, which is a slightly darker brown, is so sexy in my white hand.

I look up at George and he says, "You and I must come to agreement. We mustn't cause any spontaneous eruptions."

"Come lick my pussy you beautiful man, I am leaking and I don't want to wet the sheets." I move to my back and open my legs with the knees to the side, and my crotch and pussy waiting for his pink tongue.

He lies on the bed below me, and slithers up until his tongue just touches my Mons. He licks and dips his head and with that broad tongue slurps all my juices from the outer lips, and just above my rosebud. That tongue covers the width of my pussy, and the tip sneaks inside once in a while giving me intense pleasure.

He moans as he kisses my clit opening, sucking and kissing driving me mad. His tongue slips inside my vagina opening, and I can hear him slurp my juices flowing madly about now.

I can't stand it, and pull his head closer until he licks and sucks my clit and I have a small but wonderful climax shuddering as he administers pure pleasure to my hips and innards.

His hands are moving and stroking my abdomen and tummy, and when close they envelope my breasts as he massages whatever skin he touches.


Finally he puts three fingers in my love tunnel, sucks and licks my clit, and I erupt into a huge mind blowing climax that makes my whole body shake and shudder with intense pleasure.

This man knows how to make a woman feel loved. And he says he hasn't had a woman in ten years! Bull crap, he sneaks out on his man and fills dozens of women with his loving.
 
He is going to fill me with two gallons before he is done tonight.

He kisses my inner thighs, and around my sensitive now very wet pussy, and up my Mons to my tummy button. Then he turns his head on its side and rests on my tummy, while his hand and fingers stroke my pussy gently and excitingly.

"Oh my you smell so good when you cum." He says quietly. "You are so delicious, too."

"You are going to make me more delicious you beautiful devil. You say you are unfamiliar with the female of the species, but you know how to kiss and suck and rub and lick just like a professional."

I pull his head up and he kisses me with wet lips covered in pussy juices. I lick him as I grab his cock and place it at my love box door.

"Make me really cum will you?"

He says, "I'll go slow and you will be begging for more before the first is over."
 
He smiles as he slowly pushes his cock on my lower lips. The juices flowing from his glans slit lubricate the opening and he slips the shaft in a bit, all three inches thick of it. It wonderfully gives me a shudder as he slowly pulls back out and restarts the exquisite visit.

As he gets inside again I shudder and push against him and he slides half way, stopping and saying, "God you are warm. And slow down the squeezing will you, I want all of me inside when I cum."

He pulls part way out, bends to kiss me and he returns the cock to its former position waits a moment, and slides inside until I can feel his cock beyond my cervix and surely at this point inside my womb. Where else could all that length go?

We look deeply into the other's eyes, and I move away as he pulls out and then we slither back together and start the lover's undulations that quickly bring us to a peek of magnificence. I can't wait for him to fill my womb with his semen, all hot as it spurts inside.

Suddenly he stops. He looks surprised. Turns his head, and says, "Sue that feels wonderful."
 
I look and see a naked Sue behind G on her knees, and a hand holding onto his hip.
 
I don't care about her, I want to cum, and I redouble my hip movements as does G and we cum at just about the same moment. I can feel his hot sperm squirting into my womb, and I erupt into a huge orgasm that brings my consciousness to a halt and I writhe and wriggle and squeeze George's cock as it spurts many, many times. 

I can't breathe, my blood is boiling, my head is floating, and my body is experiencing an enormous amount of pleasure. I feel that huge cock stop thrusting and guess he is finished pumping his fluids into me. He relaxes, and sighs, and smiles, and tries to keep his cock inside me. It feels so good in there, hard or soft. I want it never to leave if possible.

He rolls to the side and brings me with him so I can keep him inside a little longer. I squeeze him with my vaginal muscles, and I feel fingers softly stroking my inner lips and clit.

I look down and there is Sue's face between G and me, and she slowly pulls his cock from me, and slips it into her mouth for cleaning and whatever. 

He groans, and she begins to make it grow a bit as she licks the underside igniting his pleasure again.

She slips him from her mouth and moves to my pussy where she sucks juices and thick sperm from my skin. Her tongue laves my clit, and her lips glam onto my vagina and she sucks and licks me driving me slightly insane.

G is semi-hard now, and Sue puts his weapon at the door to my love cave, and she slips her hand between his legs and pulls his hips closer to me driving his cock back inside me to my delight.

I have never seen that done before and what a good idea.

George moans and smiles and slides his cock inside as far as he can, and he kisses me deeply. "I want you again right now." He whispers.

I am speechless and say nothing but move my hips in unison to his. I smile and kiss him and soon we are close again.

"You good?" I ask.

"You go beautiful and I will follow as you suck me in." He moans.

Surely as the sun rises in the morning, I begin to cum and he spurts more milk into me in great quantities again. We have a lively orgasm awake and loving every muscle spasm of it. I move in and out he stays hard, and I can't believe that in five minutes we have these two amazing orgasms.

As we come down from the second mountaintop, Sue is there to clean and polish our sensitive parts again. She is smiling and enjoying every moment.

We all rest and then I pull Sue to me, and kiss her saying, "Thank you for whatever you did down there. It made a big difference."

George as I hoped has moved now and is pressing his face into Sue's fanny cheeks to lick her pussy and give her a good well deserved orgasm. I kiss the girl, smile, and say, "Enjoy, he gives as great as he looks."

I held her to my breasts which she is madly sucking, until she stiffens and looks up at me as she is completely consumed by orgasmic contortions. George has done a good job.

We all fall into a heap and play with the other's parts. Sue loves to heft G's cock and lick it as the juices continue to appear at the top. I am licking Sue's nipples and kissing her tummy, while George is kissing my pussy, and brushing my nipples with his soft hands.

Finally we three put our heads together, and kiss. Then we giggle.

George is up on one arm, and says, "I have to go, Kate can spend the night with Jerry, and Sue you take care of this hot woman. I'll go home and pack."

We kiss him and he dresses.
 
I look at him, "George is this between us, or will you tell Ben while you are nestled together in bed tonight?"

He smiles, "I don't kiss and tell. Ben and I have a pact, and understand - what we don't know won't hurt us, unless one of us lets it; and then we talk. I love you girls, thank you so much for a wonderful evening."

George slips out the door as Sue and I hug and pull the covers over us. Sue whispers, "Shall we sneak out and see what Kate and Jerry are doing"

I giggle, "No let us leave them to their own devices. They know what they didn't do the first night and now on the second night, they'll figure it all out without us."

Sue cuddles and so do I. She has a wonderful body and her pussy is warm and so wet. I ask, "What did you do to George when he filled me with gobs of sperm?"

She looks at me devilishly, "I have found that men particularly gay men, love to have a finger excite their prostate, as it enhances the quantity of juices and the length of the experience. I saw his bottom up over you, spread the cheeks and slipped a well lubed finger inside him for both of his climaxes. It was fun to watch and clean up later." She smiled.

What a girl!

She has her hand on my breasts and is sucking gently. She comes up and kisses me. "I'll wake you later when you roll over me or we cuddle again. I'll want another taste before morning."

I smile in the dark, "Me too."

This has been quite a day. Any more like this and I'll be having calluses on my pussy from all the mileage I build up.
 
Sue and I 69'd at 4 AM and we did each other in the shower in the morning with soapy fingers which wrestled with the other's clit.

Today is Sunday. I am settled in here for the week, and although I am not sure about the when, where, and who, I am sure there will be plenty of sightseeing, eating, conversation, and copulation yet to cum. Pun intended....
 
Julie arrives tomorrow, and that will add another dimension to the pack of female wolves, and Ben is still a mystery to be solved and bedded if possible.

The East coast is alive with pleasure, and we outlanders are going to have a great time.

The End. Really!

If you loved the story, let me know. If you hated it, tell me why.

Other stories written by this author are in Kristen's Directories 73 and 74.

(C) 2012 Copyright and written by: am101 : email: am101093@uid.onemain.com.

