Joni - The Taxi
by Knightwolf (OddR) 

This was an incredible dare given to me a couple of months ago by a guest of this web site.  It took me a little while to organize and, unfortunately, even longer to write about it.  Basically the dare was to take a ride in a taxi totally nude. 

I thought that sounded great, but I had to find a legitimate reason for a young woman to be nude when taking a ride in a taxi.  Fortunately I figured out what to do. 

I waited until a day when it was really raining.  Since this is summer we don't have a lot of rain so I had to wait a while.  Finally a day came when a strong storm front was blowing in.  I put on a thin white cotton sundress with nothing on underneath.  It was already almost transparent - the shadow of my nipples could easily be seen.  When the sun shown through the dress it was very evident that I had no panties on. 

Anyway, I got someone to take me to the far side of town.  I live in a large city so that was about an hour away from my apartment.  The storm had blown in and it was really pouring.  It was about 10:00 am and about 70 degrees.  I immediately called a taxi and then stood on the corner in the rain getting absolutely drenched.  You can imagine what the rain did to my dress.  It was totally transparent - as though I wasn't wearing anything. Literally everything was visible. 

The taxi pulled up and I jumped in the back seat.  The driver was an older man (about 50 I guess).  His eyes were bugging out as he turned to look at me and ask me where I was going.  I could feel the wet dress sticking to my skin as he stared for a few seconds longer than necessary. I gave him the address and then told him how to get there - being sure to give him directions that would take a long time to get there. 

As soon as he pulled into the traffic the fun started.  I sat forward and took off my dress - stating rather casually that I hated sitting around in wet clothes and "hoping you don't mind." Of course he said that it was fine.  Then I started to shiver and asked him if he could turn on the heater, which of course he did.  Now I was totally nude in the back seat of a taxi driving through the center of town. 

Then I decided to get in front!  Remember, I'm only 5'2" and very thin. While we were driving down the road I swung a leg over the front seat and straddled it - facing away from the driver so that when he turned to see what I was doing my ass and pussy were literally inches from his face.  I ended up sticking one leg right in front of him and then down into his lap as I pretended to be stuck for a moment.  Then I rolled into the front seat onto my back with both legs splayed open - one leg in his lap and the other now resting on the dashboard.  I swear he almost drove off the road!  I started laughing as though it was all an accident and explained that I was cold back there and wanted to come up here where it was hotter.  He just mumbled that he thought that was great. 

I didn't move - just laid there with my pussy spread open in front of him.  Then I reached down and began slowly rubbing my pussy, spreading my lips so he could see the tender pink.  He was still driving but now one callused hand was caressing my calf and thigh.  He seemed really tense but when I told him I was 19 he relaxed a lot - he must of thought I was jail bait. 

I reached down and took his hand and placed it against my pussy. Without hesitation he slipped his finger into me - making me gasp.  I know I like being nude in public and having sex in strange places - but this was pretty wild even for me.  I was alone, nude, in a taxi, in the middle of the city, with a complete stranger who was slipping his fingers in and out of me.  Granted it wasn't the safest thing to do.  Usually I at least have some sort of emergency exit system in case things get dangerous, someone who might protect me.  This time I was totally alone - but totally turned on.  My hips began rising to meet him as he slipped his fingers into me. He began rubbing my clit with his thumb and I began to go wild - arching my back in pleasure as my first orgasm washed over me. 

I then became aware that he had pulled into a parking lot.  I rubbed my bare foot against his crotch and felt how hard he was.  That was all the encouragement I needed.  I quickly turned around, pulled his cock out and slid my mouth around it.  I slid up and down - deep throating him as I tickled his balls.  It didn't take long before he pushed his cock down my throat and exploded gallons of cum into my mouth. 

We sat still for several minutes, then he started the car and we went on. I lay with my head in his lap, his cock against my lips for the entire drive.  Just before we got to my apartment I licked him hard again and gave him another blow job.  The man was talented - he came while driving down the road, one hand tickling my ass. 

When we got to my apartment he told me I had already paid in full.  I grinned and licked the cum off my lips.  Then I got out and walked up to my apartment - leaving my dress in the car so the guy could prove to his friends that it really had happened. 

For some reason I've never seen anything like that on those old reruns of "Taxi".
