Shy Wife Finds Exhibitionism Fun
by Teddyknudsenjr

Prude wife shy no more. Never again!

I work in a satellite office for a large corporation. There are three of us - my boss (a woman), my co-worker (also female), and me. All three of us are happily married and have kids (although ours are away at college).

Recently the three of us - and our spouses - traveled to Florida for a week-long conference. The three of us would be stuck in meetings all day and our spouses (my wife Connie, Bill & Larry - the boss's husband) were looking forward to relaxing on the beach.

My wife brought along her "out of town" bikini; too provocative to wear at public pools and the lake at home, but not too skimpy to wear in public when away from home. I was surprised she was not only planning on wearing it when she went to the beach with Bill and Larry, but she was actually looking forward to "showing off" and baring a little extra skin for the guys. "After all," she said, "we're all friends and we're all away from home without our kids. I see no harm in having a little innocent but naughty fun with them."

Naughty fun? On a "topsional" beach with two guys while I'm stuck in the Ottawa Room listening to lectures about risk management?

She had never, ever been one to do public nudity, so I figured during her playtime with the boys she would remain suited up.

NOT!!

On day one, at about 11:30 am, I received a text from Bill. The dozen or so pictures attached were of Connie taking full advantage of the beach's topsional policy. I couldn't believe what I was looking at - there she was, my shy wife wearing nothing but a skimpy bikini bottom and a great big smile. And in front of Bill and Larry! In a couple of the pictures she was posing with Larry, their arms around each other's shoulders. In one of the pictures she was standing slightly sideways, so one of her breasts was pressed up against the side of Larry's shirtless chest.

I was shocked, but I was even more surprised I wasn't angry. And yet more surprised that I was incredibly turned on.

So, in the spirit of joining in their fun I texted back "better tell her to use plenty of sunscreen since her puppies had never been exposed to the sun before. lol."

An hour later I received a text from Connie's phone with a vid attached. The subject line read, "good idea. Larry thought so, too!" The attached video, which lasted 3-1/2 minutes, was of Larry applying sunscreen to Connie's bare tits! Three minutes?

Throughout the afternoon I received more texts: Connie running in the surf, Connie posing with other men, Connie standing just inches way from the shirtless man in line in front of her at the snack pavilion (and occasionally lightly brushing his back with her ever-hardening nipples), Connie topless this, Connie topless that, etc.

Again, I was so turned on I had to put my conference binder on my lap to conceal my obvious reaction.

Sitting there in the Ottawa Room, while I was supposed to be listening to a lecture about claims-made insurance vs. occurrence-based insurance, my mind was elsewhere. Way elsewhere.

When we met up in our room at the end of the day, she told me all about her day, using adjectives such as "incredible," "liberating," and "sensual." Then she laid three more surprises on me. First, she went through her luggage and threw out the two bras she had packed. "Don't need 'em any more," she gleefully exclaimed. Then she told me she wanted to spend a week at a totally clothing optional adult-only resort. The clincher was she asked me to call the concierge to inquire about the cost of getting a sensual massage. She said she wanted to be completely nude while a male masseuse spent an hour rubbing every square inch of her "newly-liberated" skin. She also told me to ask the concierge if it would be alright if her husband watched and took video.

I had some risk management homework I was supposed to do that first night, but I never got around to doing it. In fact, I never got around to sleeping, either. Too busy demonstrating to Connie exactly how I felt about her incredible liberating, sensuous day with Bill and Larry.

At one point Bill called to tell her he had heard about a beach that was 100% clothing optional, and would she like to join them tomorrow. She turned and asked if I would mind. I said it would be o.k. only if (1) their phones were fully charged, (2) they kept me fully advised of their adventures by texts with attachments, and (3) she take her diaphragm- just in case her naughty fun turned not-so-innocent.
