Wife’s Tennis Showing
I have been married to my wife Tara for about 5 years. We married right out of high school. She was little miss innocent when I met her in our Junior year of high school. We were both on the tennis team and she was quite good.
We didnt have sex until our senior year and when we did I found out that Tara was a virgin. She had really never had a boyfriend before me so she wasnt experienced in the ways of dating and such. I really fell for Tara because she was blonde, athletic, and very cute in her own way. At first she was very shy and layed back, but with my helping, I got her to come out of her shell. When I first met her I couldnt even get her into a short dress. I continually worked on her by buying her skirts and outfits. Each one the skirt would get a little shorter, then the next one was shorter. I made it a crusade to turn Tara into a little hot fox. By the end of our senior year, Tara was wearing skirts about four or five inches above her knees.  I decided it was time for phase two.
One night when I took her out to a movie, I stopped her at the door before we went out of my house, told her to turn around and close her eyes. She did and I dropped down to my knees and started kissing her ass cheeks. She didnt know what I was doing but she played along. I reached up and grabbed her little black undies by the waistband and slowly pulled them down. I continued to kiss her little cheeks and she must have thought I had changed my mind about going to the movies. I slide her undies down to her ankles and slowly lifted each leg out of them while all the time kissing her cheeks to keep her off guard. When I had the undies totally off, I slipped them in my pocket and kissed her for about another minute. Then I got up and said lets go to the movies. She asked for her undies back but I told her tonight she had to go without. Well, Tara had come a long way but she wasnt ready for this yet. She wanted them back. I told her no way, if she wanted to go to the movie with me, she would go the way she was. She had a dress that covered everything and nobody would know but me. She didnt like it at all but she finally gave in as she always had. I knew that Tara would say no, but I also knew if I pushed her she would give in.
We had a great time at the movies. My hand found her pussy under her skirt a couple times and her cunt was as moist as it has ever been. She must have really been turned on by the thought of having no undies on. After the movie I took her out to a nice little dinner at her favorite resturant. I then took her parking and she was the most turned on little girl I had ever dated. She about raped me in the car. I knew I had found something and I was going to make as much use of it as I could. My little Tara enjoyed the thought that somebody might see her in such a condition. From now on when we went out, undies were not allowed. I never said as much to Tara, but everytime I picked her up, I would slide her undies down her leg and slip them into my pants. It always amazed me that whenever I would slip my hand under her skirt and feel her cunt, it was be very wet and slick.
We got married during our first year of college and both me and Tara played tennis on the college team. Tara had finally come out of her shell so to speak. I had her in dresses and skirts that were about three inches below her ass cheeks. And she knew if we went out, she could never wear any underwear. Soon, I didnt even have to pull them off, she would just dress without putting any on. A couple times when we went out to party, she would get a little plastered and she then wouldnt be as carefull about how she positioned herself all the time. I know a few times guys sitting across from our table would get a great show of her cute little blonde pussy as she would be sitting in her short skirt and her legs would be spread pretty wide apart. I would never mention it to her because I liked the thought of someone getting a few quick peeks.  Now when we went out to party, most the guys of the college knew to sit in a location where they could see the action. In fact, we had one table buy us four or five drinks one night hoping to get Tara a little drunk. It worked of course and I loved every minute of it.
We both graduated college and now work for different companies. But the one thing we both enjoy doing is playing tennis together. I would come watch her play her singles parter and she would come watch when I played some of the guys. I started video taping her so she could watch them later. She always had these cute little tennis skirts. I always thought they were so sexy.  Then one day while taping her I noticed that even though the skirt was short, you really never could see her little white pants that she wore under them. I filmed alot of her playing and then went home and watched the tape.  Nothing ever showed except if she hit an overhand shot close to the net. She would lift up some and this is the only time when her entire ass cheeks would come into view. On the entire match this happend about twice. I started devising a plan right away. It was going to be a rush for me and an experience for Tara.
I edited the last three matches that Tara played. I didnt have to edit out very much at all. Just the few times she hit the overhand shot at the net. I made sure to edit about three of four matches back. Then I was ready. I waited for the right opertunity and it came one night when we were watching a tennis match on TV.
I knew that the player from Europe would win over the American player. Tara was sure the American player would win as he was ranked higher than the European. I said lets make a bet, if you win, you get on day of anything you want, if I win, I get one day of anything I want. And whoever looses, cannot say no to the winner. She was so sure the American would win, she jumped right in on the bet. She was going to get a couple new outfits, go to dinner, maybe had her nails done. All these things she was going to do if  she won, I had other plans. I was pretty confident I was going to win so we watched the match. It was close but the American lost. Tara laughted it away and asked what I wanted. I had it all planned. I said the first thing I want is next saturday to be my day. And the first part of it is that anytime your in a skirt, you can wear no undies. Tara laughted, she knew she never wore undies anyway when she was in a skirt, so that was any easy request.
Saturday morning came around and the first thing I did when I woke up was to remind Tara that today was my day. She couldnt say no to anything I wanted today. She agreed. She said to remember that she was meeting one of the girls at 3 pm to play tennis. But other than that, the day was mine. I agreed and we got on with the days activities. I called a few of my friends and told them Tara would be playing a match today and I needed to go watch.  If they werent doing anything, they should bring some beer and we could watch together. About 3 of them said they could and I told them I would meet them there at about 2:30.
At 1:00 pm I told Tara to go get dressed for her tennis match. She said it wasnt till 3:00 pm but I told her I wanted to see her outfit on her now. She went and got dressed and when she came out she had on one of her white tops with a blue skirt. It was the normal Tennis outfit. The skirts are not real long because they dont want them to interfer with their game. Next I plopped a tape of the last match Tara played and I told her to watch it. She asked why and then I popped the whole story to her. She was going to play today without any under shorts on.
She thought I was crazy. These skirts were way too short to try to play without any shorts. I told her if we could see her shorts in any of the videos we shot of her, then she didnt have to do it. But if we couldnt, then she would have to keep her promise. She finally agreed because she knew with her running around and swinging the racket, her skirt was bound to rise up and show her shorts underneith. Well, we watched the first match on video and not once did her shorts show. She didnt think that was good enough, she wanted to see another match. I took out the next tape and we played it again. Each match was about an hours worth of playing on the tape. Again, she could see nothing. She still didnt want to do it. I told her I would play one more tape, then we had to go. I would fast forward all the tapes to the parts that showed her. Again, none of them showed her shorts. I knew I was going to win this argument because she normally puts up a good fight but always gives in when were done. Well, after watching the videos she didnt have a good reason to turn down my request. Plus she had made the promise and I proved nobody could see anything. She just didnt know I had to cut a few shots out of each tape.
She finally relented and I moved over to her and pulled down her tennis shorts and the undies she had on under them. When I stood up, I couldnt beleive what was about to happen. Five years ago you couldnt get my wife into a short dress, now I had her going out to play tennis is a short tennis skirt and talked her into wearing nothing underneath. We got all our stuff together and went out to the car. We both got in and I noticed when Tara sat down the skirt just barely covered her pussy. She didnt think this was a good idea, but I was not turning back. I didnt even bring her shorts because I didnt want her to change her mind before the match started. I placed my hand on her legs and slowly moved it up to her cunt. It was on fire. Very wet and juices were starting to run down her legs. She was scared, I could tell, but she was also excited by the reaction I got from her cunt.

We pulled into the tennis club parking lot about 2:30. The girl she was to play was there and a couple other people were playing on the other courts.  But nobody really was around at the time. This made Tara feel a little better. She got out and got her stuff, gave me that look like she didnt want to do it, then walked over and talked to Sue, the girlfriend she was playing today. Sue and Tara were evenly matched. They had played together in college. Now they just played for fun. You could tell Tara was walking very carefully. They started to warm up and at first Tara wouldnt swing very hard. Then Sue made a comment that if Tara was going to play like that, she might as well go home. Tara looked around and nobody at that time was there but me, so she started swinging as she normally would. I watched her closely seeing if I could tell she had nothing on underneath. So far, so good. I couldnt tell anything was abnormal. Sue finally said she was ready to start and they started the first game. A couple points into the game the guys I invited arrived and they came up and sat with me in the stands. At first, Tara didnt know they were here. She played her usual game but Sue beat her by a couple points. They traded sides for the next game and thats when Tara looked up and saw me chatting with a few guys. She didnt know why they were there but this got her nervous all the same.
They started the next game and me and the guys chatted while they were playing. It was tied in the second game, then Sue got the advantage point.  Then what happened next stopped everyone from talking. Tara hit a great shot that sent sue running to the corner to try to get it. She got it but hit a high ball that was just going to make it over the net. Tara ran for the net and as she reached back to hit the overhead shot, her skirt was pulled up from the action and  it was easy to see the hot little cunt of my wife. At first everybody had to give a double take, but then everyone was quiet as they now realized that Tara didnt have any shorts on under her outfit. Sue also had saw that Tara was naked under her short  Tennis skirt and she couldnt beleive it. She looked up in the stands and saw all the guys and me watching. Sue was in disbeleif. Tara did not know her skirt had gone up that far. She was happy to get back to even with Sue.  It was Sue’s serve and everyone was now watching the match without saying a word. Tara did not pick up on the extra attention. Sue served Tara and they volleyed for about a half a minute. Then Tara hit a winner. Sue was now down a point. Sue thought about it, then decided if Tara wanted to put a show on for the boys, she knew how to help. On the next point sue made a point to hit a high ball that Tara could slam if she wanted. The only thing was when Tara went to hit the overhead hit, her skirt pulled up again and everyone was stareing as Tara hit the winner down the corner. Now it was tied one game apiece and both Sue and Tara took a few minutes to get some water. I went down and talked to Tara. She asked if her skirt was staying down. I told her it was just like the video, we cant tell anything from the stands. Then she asked why the guys were here. I told her they saw our car from the street and just stopped to say hi to me. Sue then called and said lets get on with the match. Tara pulled her skirt down as much as she could and went back to the court. I told her good luck and not to let Sue beat her again.

