Showing Myself
by Vanessa Evans

Part 5

I woke up and discovered that somehow we had swapped over and I was on my back and daddy had his arm and leg over me. What’s more his hand was on one of my tits. My spare hand slowly slid over to my pussy and started rubbing.

“Morning Princess.” I heard.

“Daddy, good morning. Can you help me with something please?”

“Sure, what?”

I stopped rubbing and felt for daddy’s hand. When I found it I lifted it over to my pussy and started moving my hand so that his fingers were rubbing my clit.

“We shouldn’t Lea.”

“Don’t stop daddy, please.”  

Thankfully daddy didn’t stop and a couple of minutes later I was having a very satisfying orgasm.

“Thank you daddy,” I said when I was able.

I also moved my hand to where daddy’s cock was and wrapped my fingers round the hard pole.

“Don’t fight me daddy.” I said as my fingers started moving up and down his cock.

It didn’t take long for me to realise that he was about to cum and I gripped his cock to stop him shooting, pushed his leg off me then went down the bed and opened my mouth. As I released my grip I took his cock into my mouth and started sucking.

“Oh Princess, that’s wonderful.”

My mouth was a little full so I couldn’t reply right then but when I could I said,

“Yes daddy, that WAS wonderful, the first of many, and more.”

“I don’t know Lea, we shouldn’t.” 

I pulled the duvet off us, got off the bed, and headed to the bathroom saying,

“Me first.”

When I left the bathroom I found daddy in the kitchen getting the breakfast ready.

“I would have done that daddy.”

“I know, but it’s Saturday and I don’t have to go to work.”

“Can we go back to bed and finish what we started?”

“No Lea, apart from what we’ve talked about I have to go out, things to do. Besides, you need to save your energy for tonight.”

“Going looking for a girlfriend are you daddy?” 

“Not particularly but Mac does have a sister who’s not bad looking.”

“Will she be where you are going today daddy?”

“I don’t know.”

“Well if she is ask her out and if she isn’t ask Mac for her phone number.”

“I might just do that, it isn’t like you are going to be here much longer.”

“Daddy, I’m a big girl now, you don’t have to look out for me.”

“I’ll always do that Princess but you’re right, maybe I will.”

“You’d better work fast daddy because you and me have some unfinished business and I won’t say no until after your second date.”

Daddy held his arms wide apart and I moved in for a naked hug.

“Love you Princess.”

“Love you daddy.”


After breakfast daddy left to go to Mac’s place to do whatever and I hoped ask whatever her name is for a date whilst I cleaned up then went over to Seth’s house. Neither of Seth’s parents batted an eyelid when the naked 18 year old girl walked into their house and went up to Seth’s bedroom.

“Now who’s the lazy sod? Get your arse out of bed we need to talk.”

I pulled the duvet off Seth and saw that he was as naked as I was and that he had a morning woody. Not wanting to waste it I climbed on and impaled myself on it. As I rode it I heard Seth’s mum shout,

“Do you want some breakfast Leanne? I’m making some for Seth.”

“No thanks, I’ve already eaten.” I shouted back as Seth filled my pussy with his cum. I kept riding him and just managed to cum as he started to go soft.

A couple of minutes later Seth was in the bathroom and I was going down to the kitchen where I chatted with his mum.

“So Leanne, still happy working at the pub are you?”

“Yeah, it’s fun, all those guys looking at my naked body really turns me on.”  

“Yes I know what you mean Lea, there’s something naughty but nice about situations like that.”

“Have you ever worked naked?”

“Oh yes, but not in a pub. When Ted’s father was still alive Betty and I used to work there during the school holidays and when it was hot we used to strip off. It used to drive Ted, Seth’s father and the other men there crazy.”

“Did you used to go skinny dipping as well?”

“We did.”

“Why don’t you still go skinny dipping or even working in the pub naked?”

“Oh that’s nice of you to say Leanne but I’m too old for that sort of thing.”

“No you’re not, you’re not old and you’ve obviously worked on keeping your figure.”


“What are you 2 talking about?” Seth said was he walked in.

“I was just telling your mother that she should go skinny dipping or working in the pub like me.”

“Eww, don’t you dare mum, well not while I’m around.”  

“Seth,” I replied, “your mum has a nice body, why shouldn’t she show it?”

“She’s my mother.”

“Gawd, you men are crazy at times.” I said.


I sat watching Seth eat his breakfast whilst we all chatted about anything other than nudity and when Seth had finished we left to go to Noah’s place.

We found him doing something on his computer which he shutdown as soon as he saw us.

“Looking at porn?” I asked.

“No, well yes, I was looking at different positions to have coitus.”

“Wow, going for the posh names are you?” Seth said, “I prefer to just call it fucking. So what did you find?”

“Never mind that for now guys?” I said, “we need to talk, but not here, let’s go to the woods where we can talk in private.”

“And fuck.” Noah said.

“And fuck.” I added.

We got our bikes and were soon pedalling to the woods, me in front with Noah and Seth doing their best to keep up with me, and hopefully stare at my butt as it slid from side to side on the saddle.

We made it to the woods, along the trail, across the stream and to the meadow where we dumped our bikes and lay on the grass.

“Fucking first or talking first?” Noah asked.

“Fucking.” I replied, “then talking then fucking again.”

Two minutes later I was on my hands and knees with one cock in my pussy and the other one in my mouth. I came first and the guys swapped ends and continued fucking me until they both shot their loads into me, thankfully making me cum again.


“So Lea,” Seth said after we’d been spread out recovering for a few minutes, “what’s so important that we have to come out here to talk about?”

“Well guys,” I started, “firstly why didn’t you come to the pub last night, I was expecting to see you.”

“Ted hasn’t paid us yet.” Noah replied.

“I told you, I’ll sub you until we get paid. You’d better be there tonight, okay?”

“Okay.” Seth replied.

“So, there was this group of guys there last night, rugby players, and they invited me to go to a birthday party at their rugby club next Thursday. I said that I’d only go if you 2 came along as well.”

“No money.” Noah said.

“No transport.” Seth added.

“This guy, Duncan, said that he’d come and pick us up, buy us some drinks and bring us back.”

“Bloody hell Lea,” Seth said, “what do you have to do for that to happen, fuck everyone there, a gang-bang?”

“No, well I don’t think so, but that wouldn’t be too bad, I’ve never had a gang-bang, it sounds like fun.

“Well if you fuck loads of strangers I’m not going to fuck you again.” Noah said.

“Even if the all wear condoms?”

“That would be different,” Noah replied, “there’d be no chance of you catching anything.”

“So you’d fuck me again if they all wore condoms?”

“Yeah, I guess so.”

“What about you Seth?”

“What he said.”

“Hey guys, I don’t even know if it would turn into a gang-bang, maybe they just want to look at my naked body?”

“What sane man wouldn’t want to look at you naked Lea,” Seth said, “but there’s every chance that they’d want you to fuck at least the party boy.”

“That wouldn’t be so bad.” I replied, “just so long as he wears a condom. So are you guys up for it?

“I guess so,” Seth replied, “they’ll pick us all up, take us there, buy us some drinks and bring us back and all you’d have to do is flaunt that hot body of yours and maybe the odd blowjob or fuck.”

“So you 2 are up for it then?”

Both replied in the affirmative.

“Okay guys, that’s the first thing, the second thing is that I want my dad to fuck me.”

“Bloody hell Lea, that’s incest.” Noah said.

“I know but it’s not like I’m going to get pregnant and poor dad has been without sex for years and with my change of wardrobe the poor man has got blue balls.”

“I guess that I don’t mind, being without sex for years it’s not like he’ll have caught anything nasty.” Seth said.

“I guess that I don’t mind,” Noah said, “it’s not like you’re our property, you can fuck whoever you want.”

“Thanks guys, it’s appreciated. What about Ben at the pub?”

“Bloody hell Lea,” Seth said, “how many guys have you got lined up to fuck you?”

“That’s it guys, and maybe the birthday boy on Thursday.”

“But you’ll make him wear a condom?”

“Absolutely, and you guys will be there to make sure that he does.”

“Yeah.” Seth said.

“That’s it guys, confessions over, unless there’s something that either of you want to tell me?”

“No.” Noah replied.

“Yes,” Seth replied, “I confess to wanting to fuck you again, right here, right now.”

I looked at Seth’s cock and saw that he was hard so I got onto my hands and spread knees,  waggled my butt and said,

“Come and get it boys.”


Twenty minutes later the 3 of us were again on our backs recovering and enjoying the sun on my naked body, well I was, I didn’t ask the other two.

“Let’s go for a bike ride.” Noah said after quite a while.

“Okay,” Seth said, “but we’ll have to head out into the country, we don’t want Lea to be seen by people who may call the cops.”

“Yeah,” I added, “I wouldn’t mind riding through the city naked but dad says that he doesn’t want me to get arrested and have to come and bail me out of jail.”

“I’ve read about naked bike rides in cities,” Seth said, “I wonder if they do one here.”

“Doubt it, I’m sure that we would have heard about it if there had been one.” Noah replied.

“We could ride along the public footpaths through the fields.” Seth suggested.

“Yeah, give some hikers a shock.” Noah said.

“You mean a treat when they see me naked.”

“Yeah, a nice shock.” Noah added clarified his statement.


And that’s what we did. Biking over the paths across the fields was no worse than biking through the woods but my butt sliding from side to side on my saddle did keep my pussy stimulated and when we came across some hikers walking towards us we stopped to let them pass and I was stood with my feet on the ground and rolling the bike backwards and forwards, the crossbar sliding along between the lips of my pussy and stimulating my clit. The looks on the faces of the hikers was priceless, mainly shock from the women and obvious delight from the men.

We must have biked for 3 or 4 miles into the middle of nowhere before we had a rest. We stopped by a big tree, a good climbing tree, and challenged each other to see who could climb the highest. Of course I won but as I was climbing back down some more hikers came our way. It was 2 couples who looked to be not much older than we were.

I was only about 4 or 5 metres up the tree with my legs spread wide because there were only 2 branches for my feet at that height when the couples appeared right next to Seth and Noah.

“Are you all right up there?” One of the young women asked as the 4 of them stared up at me with my spread wide pussy on display.

“Yes, I’m fine, we were just having a competition to see who could climb the highest.”

“So these 2 aren’t forcing you to be like that.” One of the guys asked.

“Hell no, I’m having fun.” I replied as I wondered if my pussy was dripping down onto the ground and the people could see it.

“You go girl.” The other young woman said.

“Enjoy the rest of your day.” One of the guys said.

They stared at me for a few minutes as I climbed down then the 4 of the hikers turned and walked away.

“Well that was the last thing that I expected to see out here.” I heard one of the men say.

“So guy’s,” I said to Noah and Seth, “do you admit that I climbed the highest?”

“”Yeah alright,” Noah replied, “but I’ll beat you the next time.”

“In your dreams mate.” I replied, then continued, “and your reward for being such good losers is my pussy, come and fuck it. Those 2 men seeing me had made me want to be fucked.”

I stood facing the tree about a metre from it, spread my feet wide then leaned forward to put my hands on the tree and waited. It was Noah who fucked me first, his hands going round my body and grabbing my little tits as he rammed his cock into me. 

I’d had a head start on being horny and I orgasmed before Noah did. No sooner than Noah’s cock started to go soft and slide out, I felt Seth’s hard cock enter me and start pounding in and out. He fucked me until I came again then he did.


After a rest period we got on our bikes and headed for home. As I navigated the rough paths I realised that I had a good deal with my mates, not only was I showing them, and anyone else who happened to be around, my naked body all the time, but each time that we fucked I had 2 orgasms to their only 1 each. 

What’s more, as I rode my bike 2 lots of man cum were seeping out of me and making the saddle extra slippery and extra nice. I was soo close to cumming by the time that we got back to the village.


When I got home daddy wasn’t back so I decided to sunbathe for a while and as I was putting some sunblock on I remembered the guy from the rugby club so I went and got my phone and the beer mat. 

Once settled I looked at the beer mat and made the call.

“Hi, is that Damon?”

“Yes.”

“This is Leanne, we met at the pub last night.”

“Well hello Leanne, thank you for calling, so you’re up for the birthday party?”

“Probably, what exactly would I have to do?”

“Much the same as you were doing last night, be naked and go around the room being friendly to all the guys.”

“But what would you be expecting me to do with the guys?”

“Whatever you want, just being there naked is all that I ask.”

“But what would the guys be expecting me to do? Let them grope me? Give them a lap dance? Give them a blowjob? Let them fuck me? I certainly don’t want it to turn into a gang-bang.”

“Leanne, nothing will happen without your consent. You’ll have your bodyguards there and  I’ll be there as well to stop things if you’re not happy but I doubt very much that it will get to that stage, all the guys are good guys who respect women. I’m the captain and they all do exactly what I tell them. I’ll organise some condoms if you decide that you want to go all the way.”

“Will there be any other girls there?”

“No but if you want to bring any of your girlfriends along that’s okay.”

“That wasn’t what I was thinking, I was thinking about girlfriends and wives of the players.”

“No, these birthday parties are usually men only, is that a problem for you?”

“No.”

“We’ll pay you Leanne, how much do you want?”

“I wasn’t thinking about money, as you’ve probably already realised I get off on being naked in front of men but if you want to give me some money I certainly won’t complain.”

“I’ll organise a collection, that should get quite a bit for you. So do I take it that you’ll do it?”

I stayed silent for a few seconds. I knew that I was going to say ‘yes’ but something made me wait a few seconds before saying,

“Yes, I’ll do it. What time will you come and collect us?”

“Is 7 pm okay with you Leanne?”

“Yes, 7 pm outside the pub.”

“Thank you Leanne, I’ll see you on Thursday.”

I terminated the call then realised that my nipples and pussy were tingling one hell of a lot. My head went back, my eyes closed, my legs opened wide and my right hand got busy.

I was just getting to the point of no return when I saw daddy standing beside me. I smiled and the orgasm arrived a little quicker than I had expected.


“Sorry daddy, I just couldn’t help myself.”

“You have nothing to be sorry for Leanne, we all have needs and you can take care of yours whenever you want.”

“Than you daddy, I love you, does that mean that I can fuck you whenever I want?”

“Leanne.”


“Is it teatime, am I later getting tea ready?”

“No Lea, you just stay there and relax, I’m sure that you’ll be quite busy tonight.”

“Thanks daddy.”


I did stay there with my legs still wide open for quite a while. Daddy was walking around all the time and I’m sure that he kept looking at me but I kept my eyes closed and I’m sure that I dozed off because the next ting that I knew daddy shaking my ankle and telling me that tea was ready.

As we sat eating I asked daddy if he’d asked Mac’s sister out.

“No, but she was hanging around us when we were working.”

“There you go daddy, she’s interested in you, ask her out. Hell, ask Mac to bring her to the pub next Friday or Saturday. Hey, give me Mac’s phone number and I’ll ask him, what’s her name anyway?”

“Angie.”

“I bet that she looks a bit like me, when I’ve got clothes on that is.”

“She does, and no I won’t give you Mac’s number.”

I let it slide for then but I was definitely going to phone Mac. All being well that will give me a week to seduce daddy. I was sure that I could manage that.


I again used the outside shower to get ready to go to the pub. Daddy watched me all the time and I gave him me sexiest shower and shave. I was determined that his cock was going to be inside my pussy within 24 hours.


There were the usual oldies in the pub when I got there and I made a point of standing in front of them with my feet at least shoulder width apart while I chatted with them all for a while. They may not be getting any sex any more but I was determined to give them something to make them feel good.

I led Ben to the back for a quiet word and I said,

“Ben, you know what we were talking about last night?”

“You mean the fucking?”

“Yes you and or my father fucking me. Well I just wanted to make sure that you know that you can fuck me whenever you want, even right here and now if you want to. Ben”

“Wow Lea, I thought that it was just teenage sex talk and not serious.”

“I was serious, I am serious, you can fuck me anywhere that you want, any time that you want.”

“That’s really nice to know Lea but there’s work to be done out there. We’ll talk again later.”

As Ben walked passed me to go to the bar his right arm was very close to my chest. He was wearing a shirt but the sleeves were rolled up and the flesh of his forearm lightly brushed against one of my nipples causing me to moan. Ben turned, looked at me and smiled.


The night was much the same as the previous night with the main exception that Noah and Seth came in about half way through. I bought them a drink and they went and sat with my dad and Ted who was there without Beth. When I was going round collecting empties I made sure that I bent over in front of them and I heard them talking about my pussy as I got on with my job.

There was also a group of young men inside and they wanted selfies and spreadies with me. I obliged and was a little surprised, and happy, when we were on the last spreadie and the 2 of them that were holding me up walked all around the pub letting everyone, including my dad, Seth Noah and Ted, see my spread pussy.

I, of course, was pretending to object and I kept telling them to put me down but I’m happy to say that they didn’t until everyone in the pub had seen my spread pussy.

“Enjoy that did you Lea?” Ben asked when I managed to get back behind the bar. “Don’t answer that Leanne,” Ben continued, “you face has answered it for me.”


When things started to quieten down my dad came over to tell me that Noah and Seth would be walking me home and him and Ted left. I bought Noah and Seth another drink. 

A little later Ben said, 

“That thing that we were talking about earlier, can you come back in the morning Lea?”

“My pleasure Ben.” I replied and went outside to collect the remaining empties.

 
I had to ask Seth to carry my earnings and tips home for me which again was over £200. As we started walking Seth said,

“Quite a lucrative job you’ve got the Lea, it almost makes me wish that I was a girl.”

“Yes, being a girl certainly has its advantages and right now I’m really happy that I am a girl.”

About half way home I stopped and got on my hands and knees and said,

“Fuck me guys.”

They did, right in the middle of the street with houses down either side. I didn’t know and didn’t care if anyone saw us.

When we got to my house Seth gave me my money and I gave him back what I owed him then I went round the back, had a quick shower then went inside, put my money away and got dried. Then I went looking for daddy’s phone and sent Mac’s number to my phone. Then I climbed into bed and snuggled up to my sleeping father.

*****

When I woke up daddy was still asleep, thankfully, and I gently got up onto my knees, straddled him and lowered myself onto his morning woody. As I slowly lifted up the lowered myself I looked down at his face and when he opened his eyes I took his hands and put them on my tits.

“Morning daddy.”

“Morning Princess, hey, you shouldn’t be doing that.”

“Why not, you’re enjoying it aren’t you?” 

“Well yes, but I was asleep.”

“Well if that’s the best reason you can give for not doing it I’m going to wake you every morning like this.”

Daddy looked defeated and happy as I increased the speed of my riding him and before long he started to cum inside me. That feeling made me cum then I collapsed down on his chest.

“Thank you daddy, I’ve wanted to do that for ages.”

“No, thank you Lea, I too have wanted to do that for ages.”

“Well I’ve told you what I’m going to do daddy and I will only stop when either I go to university or you start fucking a girlfriend.”

Daddy hugged me and said nothing.


“I’m sure that there’s no need for you to shave your pussy twice a day.” Daddy said as he watched me under the outside shower.

“I want it to be as smooth as a babies bottom all the time daddy.”

“You know that you can get laser thingies that will stop the hair growing don’t you Lea?”

“I’d forgotten about those daddy, now that I’ve got some money I’ll see about getting one. Are you going to Mac’s place today?”

“Yes. Is that a problem?”

“No, just so long as you ask his sister out.”

“I don’t know that she will be there.”

“Well if she is.”

“We’ll see, we’ll see. I’ll probably call in at the supermarket on my way home, is there anything special that you want me to get?”

“Nope, Ben wants to see me later, I think that he might me wanting to offer me some more work. Oh, I’m going out with Seth and Noah on Thursday evening, an 18th birthday party and I might be late back.”

“No problem, enjoy yourself there?”

“I will daddy.”

My pussy tingled a bit at the thought of all those rugby players seeing me naked.


Just as soon as daddy had left I phoned Mac and asked him what his sister thought of my dad.

“She likes him, has done for years Leanne. She tried to get him to ask her out years ago but he said that you were his number one priority.”

“Sugar, well I’ve left school now and I’ll be off to university in September so there’s nothing stopping them getting together now is there?”

“I guess not.”

“Well Mac how about you bring her to the pub in the village on Friday night, I’ll make sure that he’s there.”

“That sounds good Leanne, I’ll work on that.”

“Oh Mac, just to let you know, I’m working at the pub on a Friday and Saturday night so you’ll see an awful lot of me, I hope that neither of you are at all prudish.”

“No we’re not but what do you mean?”

“It will be a surprise that I’m sure you will like. Remember not to tell my dad anything or ask him any questions that might make him think that we’re matchmaking.”

“Don’t worry Leanne, my mouth is zipped.”

“Thanks Mac, see you on Friday.” 


A couple of hours later I walked naked up to the pub. It was all locked up so I had to bang on the door. After Ben let me in he said,

“Were you really serious about what you said Lea?”

“Yes, anytime Ben.”

“Come here girl.” 

Ben ate my pussy and fucked me on the tables, on the bar and over the backs of some of the chairs, and nearly an hour later he was finished and unable to fuck me any more. My pussy was a bit sore and I sat with my legs open letting it cool down while Ben poured us a drink.

“Thank you Lea. It’s been a long time, too long.”

“Ben, I told you, anytime, just tell me to get my knickers off. Ha, well you know what I mean.”

“Yes I do, and if there’s anything that I can do for you.”

“You just did Ben.”


I left the pub just as a couple of oldies were arriving. 

“Working on a Sunday lunchtime as well Leanne?” One of them asked.

“Sorry, no, I was just sorting something out with Ben.”

“Oh well, maybe we’ll see you around the village Leanne.”

“I’m sure that you will, I’ll be around until the middle of September.” 

I spent most of the afternoon with Seth searching for a good laser hair remover and I used daddy’s credit card to buy one and made a note to talk to daddy about getting a credit card of my own. I’d got a bank account but I’d need a credit card as well.


Seth and I spent the rest of the afternoon fucking in the back garden hoping that daddy didn’t come home and catch us. Although we’d not actually talked about it I knew that he knew that I was fucking both Seth and Noah. I just didn’t want him to see us in action.


Daddy didn’t catch us and I spent the rest of the day lazing around then helping daddy unload and put away the groceries then watching a movie. In bed daddy was more relaxed and he ate my pussy before fucking me with my feet up, over and on the bed above my head.

*****

The first 3 days of the week were relatively quiet but on the Tuesday the 3 of us were on the farm ploughing and cutting the tops off a field of potatoes.

On the Thursday morning my new laser hair remover arrived and I greeted the postman when I heard his van stop outside. It wasn’t a surprise for him to see me naked as he’d seen me walking around the village a couple of times, but this was close up and my pussy tingled when we got close. Or maybe it was because I knew what he was delivering and my mates an I were going to use it on me just as soon as I could rip the wrappings off.


Seth, Noah and myself spent a good couple of hours getting rid of every trace of hair that we could find all around my pussy and butt. It took so long because we had to stop twice to take care of a few urgent needs for release.

Seth and Noah went home before daddy got home and when daddy did get home I asked him if I looked any different. When he looked me up and down I said,

“No, my pussy daddy.”

Daddy studied my pussy then put his hand on it, moved it around causing me to moan a little then said,

“Nope, smooth as ever, what have you done? Have you got a vibrator inside although I can’t feel it vibrating?”

“No daddy, I’ve laser treated the whole area, I should never find another hair down there again.” 

“Have you read the user manual Lea?”

“No, not yet.”

“Well you may find that you have to have a few follow-up sessions.”

“That’s okay, I can live with that. I’m going to do my armpits next.”

“Good for you Lea, that should make life a little easier for you.”

“Yes, have you remembered that I’m going to that party tonight daddy?”

“Yes I have, do you need lift anywhere?”

“No, someone is going to come and pick us up.”

“So it’s all 3 of you then?”

“Yes daddy, no need for you to worry, Noah and Seth will be looking out for me.”

“Good. Well you enjoy yourself.”

“I will daddy.”

As I said that I felt my pussy tingle a bit at the thought of what was, hopefully, to come.


Daddy watched me shower outside as I got ready then he went off down to the farm to talk to Ted about something which left me free to go out and not have to explain to daddy why I was going out naked and then him worry about me keeping safe.


Seth, Noah and the 100% naked me were stood outside the pub at 7 pm waiting for Damon to pick us up. We didn’t have to wait long and when he pulled up and got he he said,

“Coming ready for action Leanne.”

“You did say that it was a ‘come as you are party’ and I was naked when you invited me Damon.

“I did and I’m pleased to see that you did what I said, most girls would have at least put a dress on.”

“I’m not most girls.”

“You certainly are not. Hi guys, I’m Damon, the captain of the rugby team. If you have any problems or concerns tonight you come to me and we’ll sort it. Leanne, not that I’m expecting you to have any problems but if you do just shout ‘Rhubarb’ and the 3 of us will come running won’t we guys?”

Both Noah and Seth nodded their heads.

“Leanne, as much as I would like you to ride up front with me I think that it would be best if you sat in the back, the windows are only tinted at the back.”

Damon was right, I would have been on display to everyone around and I could see that that potentially could have been a problem driving through town so I climbed into the back alongside Noah while Seth climbed into the front.

There wasn’t much conversation between Noah and me but I could hear that Seth and Damon were talking but it wasn’t loud enough for me to make out what they were saying.

It was a bit strange driving through the city even though I was in the back of the car with tinted windows. It was very different to when Seth and Noah had been fingering me on the school bus.

Damon parked quite close to the entrance of the rugby club and we all got out. Damon came round to my side of the car and said,

“Nervous?”

“A little.” I replied, “I’m not on home territory.”

“I can understand that but you’ll be fine, just imagine that it’s the pub that your walking in to.”

As we walked to the door I tweaked my nipples, put my hand down to my pussy to confirm that my clit wasn’t hiding, pulled it to make sure that it was as long as it could be, then walked through the door with my pussy tingling something rotten.

The room quickly went deadly silent as all heads turned to look at me and the tingling suddenly got a lot stronger.

“Guys, for those of you who didn’t see her last weekend this is Leanne and she’s come here to liven up the party and to make the birthday boy happy. Luke, where are you?”

Luke stood up and everyone cheered.

“Come over here Luke.” Damon said.

I was smiling as Luke walked over and I thought that he looked quite cute.

“Luke this is Leanne, Leanne this is Luke the birthday boy.”

I leant forwards, kissed Luke on his cheek and said,

“Happy Birthday Luke.”

Whilst I was saying that Luke put his hands on my sides just below my little tits causing me to shiver a little. 

“Go and get the girl a drink Luke.” Damon said, “and get her bouncers a pint as well.”

Luke went off followed by Noah and Seth.

“I’ll leave you to get to know the lads Leanne. Remember Rhubarb.”

“What! Oh yes.” I replied.

I didn’t get the chance to think much because the guy at the nearest table all started to talk to me at once. The nearest guy patted his thigh and added,

“Sit here Leanne and tell us all about yourself.”

So I did, putting an arm round his shoulder. Obviously I didn’t tell him everything, just where I lived, that I was going to university in September, that I worked in the village pub dressed like I was and that I liked being naked. Although I did add a little more detail and he did ask me a few questions that I answered, sometime with not a lot of detail and sometimes with a little lie giving him the answers that I knew he wanted to hear.

As I was talking 2 things happened, firstly Luke handed me a drink, and secondly I started to feel something hard under my butt.

“Don’t hog her too much Pete, it’s my birthday not yours.”

“Don’t worry Luke, there’ll be plenty of time for you to get your hands on her.”

It was then that I realised that Pete’s hands were getting a bit adventurous. One was on my thigh close to my pussy and the other was round me and pressing on the lower part of one of my tits.

I took a sip of my drink then stood up and said,

“Who’s next?”

Basically I went round all the guys in there except Luke, Damon, the barman and sat on their laps. I don’t think that even one of them didn’t have a hard-on that pressed into my butt when I sat down.  

As I moved on from table to table my glass seemed to manage to fill itself somehow and the hands got more and more adventurous and my legs appeared to stop being able to close themselves. 

I made it down one side of the room and found myself sitting on Noah’s lap. 

“You’ve got a hard-on as well Noah.” I said as I sat on his lap.

“What do you expect mate, and I suppose that you’re leaving a wet patch on my jeans just like everyone else.”

“Probably but I can’t help it.”

“I know.”

It was the same on Seth’s lap, him asking how many times I’d been finger fucked.

“About 5 I think, I haven’t been counting.” I replied.


I moved to the other side of the room and started by sitting on the nearest lap and started answering very much the same questions whilst getting my tits groped and my pussy kept wet by the fingers that kept invading me and wagging about. 

The drinks kept coming and by the time I got to the end of row of tables there was only one table left with 2 guys sat at it, Damon and Luke. 

I went to Damon first and as I approached him he said,

“Are you going to stain my jeans as well Leanne?”

“Don’t you want me to sit on your lap Damon?”

“Silly question Leanne, come here.”

Damon didn’t ask lots of question, he was more interested in asking me if I’d let everyone take photographs and what I was going to do with Luke.

“Is he a virgin?” I asked.

“I think so, he’s hasn’t had a girlfriend in the last 3 years that I know of.”

“Then I guess that I’d better do something about that, find a condom for him to use but first the photos.”

Damon stood up taking me with him then lowering me to the floor then got everyone’s attention and said,

“Right guys, before the main event who’s got their phones with them and wants a selfie with Leanne?”

It wasn’t just selfies it was spreadies as well and for the next half an hour or so I spent as much time being held up in the air with my legs spread wide as I did with my feet on the floor. 

When that was finally over I walked over to Luke, stood in front of him and said,

“Well birthday boy it’s your lucky day, stand up.”

He did and I slowly started to undress him to a lot of cheering. In a way I felt a bit sorry for him, it must have been difficult for him standing there while all his mates were watching him and expecting him to perform in front of them, but I wasn’t going to stop what I was going to do. If he was a virgin when he came into that room he wasn’t going to be one when he left.

When I got him down to his boxers I turned to Damon and told him to clear a table which happened in seconds, then I gently pushed Luke back so that he was laying in the table. There were lots more cheers when I pulled Luke’s boxers off and his quite reasonable hard-on sprang out.

I spread his legs the practised my blowjob skills stopping when I thought that he he might be getting close.

Then I climbed up onto the table and stood with my feet either side of his ribs. Looking down at Luke’s face I said,

“Are you ready Luke?”

Luke nodded.

I turned, took the condom off Damon and rolled it onto Luke’s cock.

“Ready?” I asked Luke again but I didn’t wait for an answer.

I didn’t lower my pussy to his cock, instead I went down onto my knees and lowered my pussy onto his face. Luke knew what to do and his tongue got busy. I have to say that he was as good as Seth and Noah and before long I knew that I had an orgasm building. I couldn’t decide whether or not to get off his mouth and impale myself on his cock and cum that way or to stay where I was and to cum on both his face and his cock.
  
I didn’t get to decide because Luke gently pulled on my clit with his teeth causing me to cum instantly. My body shook as I swore at the pleasure but I didn’t get up until the orgasm was nearly gone, then I quickly got up and moved my pussy down to his cock and impaled myself. I guessed that Luke wouldn’t last long so I quickly went up and down, more interested in trying to make myself cum again rather that in Luke’s happy ending.

I was right about Luke but luckily, and in spite of there being a condom in the way, I felt him shoot his load inside me and that was enough to make me cum again.

Even though I was cumming I still managed to go up and down until I felt Luke start to soften. Then I just sat there with his softening cock still inside me as we both got our breath back.

It was about then that I realised that all Luke’s team mates were still cheering him.

Finally I pushed myself up and jumped off the table then I took the condom off Luke’s soft cock and emptied it into my mouth to a lot more cheering.

Luke’s deflowering (if he had been a virgin) was over and I was happy that everyone there had seen the naked me taking his virginity. I was a happy Leanne and by the looks of it Luke was quite happy as well.

Damon was looking after his team and their guests and he put another drink into my hand as I sat down, not feeling too energetic at that moment.    


The fun and games were over and the evening was winding down with people starting to leave. Damon put his hand in a pocked, pulled out an envelope and gave it to me.

“What’s this?” I asked.

“We had a whip-round for you.”

“I can’t take that, I’ve had too much fun to get paid.”

“No, I insist Leanne.”

“No.”

“Yes Leanne. There’s enough of us left to hold you down while I roll that envelope and push it up your cunt.”

“I might like that.”

“Seriously Leanne take it. If for no other reason than I’d have to hand it back and I don’t know who gave me what.”

I admitted defeat and took the envelope.

“Thank you Damon.”

“No, thank you Leanne, you made a lot of the team happy tonight. Now, are you ready to be taken home?”

I looked over to Noah and Seth and they looked ready so I nodded my head and we all got into Damon’s car. I rode shotgun with Noah and Seth in the back. No one said much, only a bit of small-talk and before long we were stopping outside the pub. The guys got out of the back as I again thanked Damon for an enjoyable evening, adding that he should come to the pub again.

Then I kissed his cheek and got out.

“Getting all girly Lea, all this cheek kissing.” Noah said as Damon’s car disappeared.

“Well thanks to you 2 I’ve discovered that I am a girl.”

“Why is it our fault Lea?”

“If you hadn’t of been staring at my pussy when I fell off my bike and got all wet I might not have realised that I like men looking at me like this.”

“So it’s our fault.” Noah said.

“Yep, and this is for you 2.”

I handed Seth the envelope saying,

“Your wages for being my bodyguards.”

Seth looked in the envelope and said,

“Bloody hell Lea, there’s a lot of money in here.”

“And it’s yours so that you can keep buying me ice creams and drinks when were out and I have nowhere to carry my money.”

By then we were outside Noah’s and Seth’s houses and we split up saying ‘goodnight’ to each other.


I knew that I must smell of booze so I went and had a quick outside shower then went in and dried myself before climbing into bed next to my sleeping dad.

*****

I woke thinking that I was dreaming that someone was licking my pussy but quickly realised that it wasn’t a dream, It was daddy’s head that I could see down between my legs.

“Not that I’m complaining daddy but what happened to all this incest crap?” 

“I decided that you were right.” Daddy replied a few minutes later.

The thought of daddy making me cum made me cum and as I was cumming he stopped licking and moved up and fucked me in the missionary position. Daddy hadn’t waited long after I had started cumming and his thrusting in and out of me took me back up there again quickly. I was in mid second orgasm of the day when he tensed then started shooting his load deep inside me.

“That was wonderful daddy.” I finally managed to say.

“Yes it was Princess but I have to go to work.”

“What time is it?” I asked.

“I woke up early and saw you and I just couldn’t resist you any more.”

“Good, so does that mean that you are going to fuck me every day until you find a girlfriend and start fucking her.”

“That depends on if I can find one before you go off to university.”

“You’d better get looking dad, do you want any help?”

“Maybe, we’ll talk over the weekend. You stay there and go back to sleep, you had a late night last night, was it good?”

“Yes thanks daddy, it was great.”

I resisted the urge to tell him what I’d arranged for that evening, turned on my side, cupped my pussy with one hand and closed my eyes.


I woke up again just before lunchtime to find Seth sitting on the bed looking down at me. Sometime while sleeping I’d turned onto my back spread my legs and was still cupping my pussy.

“Nice dream was it Lea? Your hand was busy when I came in, you looked beautiful.”  

“Don’t you dare go all sloppy with me Seth.”

“I won’t, I can wait.”

“What the fuck do you mean by that?”

“Nothing. Hey there was over £200 in that envelope last night.”

“Good, you can put it towards a motorbike or however you’re going to get to college.”

“Yeah, I’m going to have to start thinking about that. So did you enjoy fucking that Luke last night?”

“He was okay, a bit like you and Noah when we first started fucking but we have all learnt over the weeks and you’re now a lot better than Luke was last night. You and Noah know what I like.”

“Thanks, so what are we doing today?”

“I’m going to have a lazy day doing nothing, I’m working tonight remember?”

“I hadn’t forgotten, I might come along and see you now that I’ve got some money. I might go and see Noah, see if he’s thought about how to get to college yet.”

“Okay, seeya sometime Seth.”

Seth left me still laying on the bed totally naked.

I eventually got around to getting up and having some breakfast then I did the chores that had to be done then went and layout in the sun, determined to have a few quiet hours before what would probably be a hectic evening.


I had the tea ready for dad when he got home and as we ate I asked him what time he was go to the pub.

“I wasn’t planning to go until later on, to walk you home.”

“Dad, I’m a big girl now, I don’t need you to lookout for me all the time, besides Seth and Noah will be there, they can hang around and walk back with me. Why don’t you come early then you can come home early and get a good nights sleep ready to wake me up like you did this morning.”

“Hmm, I’d like that.”

“So would I. So it’s a plan then?”

“Okay Lea.”


After tea and clearing up I went and had an outside shower and asked daddy to check me to make sure that no hairs had escaped the laser treatment and had started growing. Neith of us could find any but daddy was feeling a bit naughty so we had a bit of fun on the grass. It was a good job that I’d started getting ready early because I had to have another shower.

After getting dried I went up to my room to finish getting ready. Then I got out one of daddy’s smart shirts and trousers and told him to wear those to the pub. 

“What’s wrong with that I’m wearing right now?”

“Humour please daddy. I want my father to be the most handsome man there tonight.”

“Okay, but I don’t see what the big deal is, it’s only a village pub.”

“Humour please dad.”

“For you Princess I will.”

“Good, now I’m off, you get smartened up and I’ll see you in a bit.”

As I walked to the pub I just hoped that Mac wouldn’t let me down.

 
Ben was his usual cheerful self and things soon started to get busy. Then Mac and a woman walked in. It had been a few years since I had actually seen Mac and I wasn’t 100% sure that it was him so I went over to him and what I hoped was his sister Angie.

“Mac, that is you isn’t it?”

“Bloody hell, is that you Leanne, you never told me that you’d be naked.”

“Yes it’s me Mac, and you must be Angie, I’m so pleased that you came.”

“So why are you naked Leanne?” Mac said as I shook Angie’s hand.

“Naked barmaid, Fridays and Saturdays, it’s not a problem for either of you is it?”

“Hell no Leanne, I can remember you running around like that when you were little.” Mac said then turned to his sister and said,

“Angie, this Leanne, Harry’s daughter, Leanne this is my sister Angie.”

“Hi Angie.” I said, I hope that this nude thing isn’t upsetting you, I get lots of tips that will help me when I go to university.”

“Not at all Leanne,” Angie said, “if you’ve got it flaunt it is what I always say. Good on you girl.”

“So how about you join me Angie, you’ve certainly got what it takes.” I said.

“No, no, I couldn’t, I’m old enough to be your mother.”

“So what, you’re still a looker.” I replied.

“You need a man to appreciate you Sis.” Mac said.

“Maybe.”

I took their drinks order and pointed them to the last free table. 

When I took their drinks to them Mac said,

“I still can’t get over you Leanne, you used to be so shy, your dad had to coax you out from behind the sofa to come and talk to us, and look at you now, letting the whole pub see everything that you’ve got.”

“Not that I’ve got much to see,” I said cupping my little tits. ”I guess that I just decided that I should have some fun before I’m too old.”

“And why not?” Angie asked.

“You look as though you are still young enough to have some fun Angie. You should join me.”

“I don’t think so.” Angie replied.

I went and got on with my work, bending over and flashing my pussy at every opportunity and I know that Mac and Angie would have got an eyeful at least once, if they looked.

About an hour later I saw my father coming through the door so I almost ran over to him, gave him a big hug and said,

“Look who’s here dad.”

I took his hand and led him over to Mac and Angie then I went and got them all a drink then left them to it. 


About 45 minutes later Mac came over to the bar whilst I was behind it. As I served him I asked him how it was going with my dad and Angie.

“They’re talking and it sounds promising.”

“Good, take these over to them then come back here and I’ll get you fixed up with a game of darts.”

“I don’t play darts Leanne.”

“You do now Mac.”

Mac did deliver the drinks and come back to the bar and I took him over to the darts board where a couple of locals were playing darts and after introducing Mac I asked if they would do me a favour and teach Mac how to play. How could they refuse a naked 18 year old girl and I left Mac with them.

I got on with my job and posed for selfies and spreadies both inside and outside as well as the normal tasks of a barmaid. I kept looking over to dad and Angie and they appeared to be getting on okay and at the end of the evening I went and kissed Mac on his cheek and thanked him, then watched the 3 of them walk out.

Noah and Seth had come in towards the end of the evening and they walked me home. The lights were out and I wondered if Mac had left Angie there. I wouldn’t know until I got into the house but before that I needed Seth and Noah to take care of the strong tingling that I’d had for the last 3 hours.

They again fucked me out on the street, Noah saying,

“One of these times one of the villagers is going to be coming home late and catch us.”

“I don’t care.” I said as my mouth came off his cock to get some air and let him know my feelings.


I was unhappy when I looked into my father’s bedroom and saw that he was asleep on his own. After a trip to the bathroom I gently climbed in alongside him putting my arm over his chest.

*****

It was me who woke up first and I quickly discovered his morning woody which I wasn’t going to waste. I was slowly riding his cock when his eyes opened and he said,

“We shouldn’t.”

“I’ll stop doing this the day that you take Angie out for a drink without Mac being there.”

“Well you better make the most of that Lea because I’m taking her out tonight.”

“Not to the village pub hope daddy.”

“No, a restaurant in town.”

I did make the most of what was probably going to be the last time that I fucked my father, riding him until we’d both cum then I got off him and licked his cock clean. There’s something about the taste of a man’s cum mixed in my juices that I just love.

 
I has a quiet day at home with daddy which included me having to put a dress on for a while when we went to the supermarket but I did spend quite a bit of time bent over the back of the trolley and dad did tell me to stop flashing my pussy at everyone a few times.

I helped daddy get dressed up got his date then asked him if he wanted me to stay over at Seth’s house that night.

“No, my generation don’t jump into bed after a first date.”

“So if I come home and you are on your own do you want me to climb in with you?”

Daddy didn’t answer me.

It was another successful evening at the pub with goodness knows how many photos with me in them being taken. What’s more my bank balance was starting to get quite healthy.


Noah and Seth saw me home again and the roadside got used again. Then when I went inside I saw that daddy’s bed was empty so I went to my bed and fell asleep hoping that daddy as doing it with Angie somewhere.

*****

I was disappointed when I woke up and went passed daddy’s room and saw that he was alone, still fast asleep. Deciding that he might need cheering-up I quietly lifted his bedsheet and was pleased to see a morning woody. Slowly and quietly I climbed on and impaled myself before waking him by going up and down on it.

“Morning daddy.” I said when his eyes opened. “I guess that you and Angie didn’t end up in bed so I thought I’d give you a consolation fuck.”

“That’s very kind of you Princess but you shouldn’t be doing that, I had a great night with Angie, and you’re right we didn’t end up in bed but things are looking good and I’m taking her out for the day in a couple of hours.”

“In that Land Rover?”

“Yes, she doesn’t mind not being very comfortable and it being a bit noisy.”

“Well after we’ve finished here I’ll go and clean it for you daddy.”

“Thank you Leanne but that’s not necessary. Ohhh, that’s it, go backwards and forwards as well. I picked up Angie in it last night and she didn’t complain.”

“I’m still, oh daddy I’m gonna cum soon, going to clean it for you. You might want to fuck her in the back of it.” 

Shortly after that we both orgasmed then I went straight outside and got to work cleaning the Land Rover. It’s not his Rover, it comes with the job and he has to put all sorts of things in the back of it so it can get quite filthy and smelly so I did a good job of cleaning it including hosing it out.

By the time I’d finished dad had had a bit of a nap, done his bathroom bit and got breakfast ready so we talked as we ate, me quizzing him about his date. I was reasonably happy about how things were going with him and Angie and just before he left to go and pick her up and I told him that I’d changed his bedsheets then disappear for the day, just in case.


I had Sunday lunch with Seth’s family, none of them caring that they had a naked 18 year old at their dinner table, then we collected Noah and biked out to the woods.

As we rode through the woods we saw a couple of dog walkers but we didn’t hang around to find out what they thought of the naked cyclist with a bit of a glazed expression on her face.

We enjoyed a couple of hours fucking and talking in the meadow before pedalling back through the village to Ted’s farm for bit of skinny dipping. As we passed my house I saw that the Land Rover wasn’t there but I didn’t know if that was a good thing or a bad thing.


When I finally went home at around 9 p.m. dad wasn’t there but I was pleased to see that the bed had been used and not made. It was a slightly happier Leanne that went to bed that night.

*****

It was and wasn’t a happy me that slid into daddy’s bed early the next morning. I had wanted to use his morning woody but I had promised him that I’d stop fucking him after he started fucking Angie and I was eager to find out if I should climb on him or not.

Fortunately my days of fucking my father had ended and I was happy for him. Over breakfast I asked him when she was coming back to the house because I wanted to talk to her to find out if it would be a problem for her me being naked all the time.

I was happy when dad said that he was pretty sure that Angie wouldn’t mind but I needed to hear it from her, I didn’t want my nudity to become a problem for them. I was quite happy to find somewhere else to live for the next few weeks until I went to university. I was sure that Seth’s family or Ted and Beth at the farm or even Ben at the pub would give me a bed for a few weeks.

It was the following Friday when I saw Angie again. It was when I was coming home from my night working at the pub. Seth and Noah had serviced me before I went into the house and I was and wasn’t surprised to see both daddy and Angie laying on daddy’s bed. Both were naked and both were fast asleep. I also observed that Angie had bald pubes just like me. I picked up my shower things and went outside to have a shower before going to my own bed to sleep.

*****

I was getting breakfast ready when into the kitchen walked a naked Angie followed by my equally naked father. They had entered quietly and I jumped a little when Angie said,

“Morning Leanne, did you sleep well?”

“Oh, you startled me, yes thanks Angie, you both looked so peaceful when I got home so I’m guessing that both of you slept well as well.”

“Yes thanks Princess.” Daddy replied.

“I’ll get my breakfast and go outside to eat.” I said.

“No Leanne,” Angie said, “unless that’s what you usually do, I don’t want anything to change just because I’m here, you two have been living on your own for so long and I don’t want you to change just because I’m here, and that includes you walking around like that Leanne. You father has told me that you’ve become a nudist for the summer and I expect that to continue, and I might even join you some of the time.”

“Does that mean that you will come and work in the pub as a naked barmaid?” I asked.

“No, I don’t think so I’m too old for that sort of thing.”

“No you’re not Angie, tell her dad.” 

“I agree with Leanne Angie, you look amazing, but it’s you’re choice. If you want to do it I will support you but if you don’t I will respect that wish, and so will Leanne, won’t you Leanne?”

“Of course daddy, I was just saying that Angie has the body to do the job.”

“Fair enough Leanne but you’re right, Angie does have the body but it has to be her choice.”

“Thank you Leanne,” Angie said, “but I’m too old to be running around and telling horny young men to take their hands off me.”

I smiled at that then sat down and the naked 3 of us ate our breakfast.


Angie spent each weekend with us until I left to go to university and we got on like a house on fire. Daddy and Angie didn’t go out much on a weekend so my fun with Seth and Noah was restricted to the woods or the swimming hole on weekends.

One thing that did happen on a weekend, twice, was that daddy took Angie and me to the coast. First time it was just the 3 of us but the second time Seth and Noah came with us. The journeys there and back only took a couple of hours but in the Land Rover it felt like like twice that time. 

Daddy took us to a beach that is difficult to get to, along a dirt track. That wasn’t a problem for the Land Rover but it meant that there weren’t that many people there. Reluctantly I wore a dress for the journeys but as soon as we got there the dress came off and stayed in the Land Rover. 

Daddy led us to one end of the beach and I was pleased that Angie stripped off when we put our towels down. There wasn’t anyone within about 20 metres so it wasn’t that brave of Angie although she didn’t cover up when more people came and settled a lot closer than that. 

Me, on the other hand, used the excuse of leaving daddy and Angie to talk on their own while I wandered all over the whole beach. I didn’t ask daddy if it was an official nudist beach, I didn’t really care, it was a bit remote and besides, Daddy is a Park Ranger and the beach is part of the Park that daddy works for and their logo was on the Land Rover so if anyone was going to complain about my nudity it would be daddy that they’d complain to. 

Daddy insisted that Angie and I were covered in sunblock and he spent ages rubbing it onto the pair of us and he did linger quite a bit on Angie’s tits and pussy. I would have liked that to be me as well but Angie was his girl now.


It was great wandering around totally naked and seeing people looking and staring at me, and my pussy was tingling all the time. I also explored the rocks at both ends of the beach and discovered a couple of much smaller beaches that I thought would be great for having some beach sex and I suggested to dad and Angie that they go and explore the ends of the beach. They did one time but I don’t know if the found the beaches or if they had sex there.

Angie and I had packed a picnic and it was great just sitting and laying there looking out to sea and soaking up the sun. Every time that daddy and Angie got all lovey-dovey I got up and went for a walk. One time I went up to the car park on my own still totally naked and I smiled a the newcomers as they got out of their vehicles.


The second time that we went to that beach Seth and Noah came with us. I sat in the back of the Land Rover between Noah and Seth and some of each journey was spent with one of their hands under my dress on my bare pussy. It wasn’t as good as the school bus journey’s but it did help to pass the time.

I had been wondering if Angie was going to get naked when we got to the beach but as soon as daddy turned-off the engine Angie was out and pulling her dress up and off revealing that she too was naked under her dress. She wasn’t at all concerned that 2 18 year old boys were seeing her naked. 

I did the same and my dress again stayed in the Land Rover all day.

After putting sunblock on Angie daddy threw the bottle to Seth and asked him to cover me. Seth shared the work with Noah but they both ignored my tits and pussy. After they’d done me I did them, but they kept their swim shorts on so I couldn’t have much fun.

The boys had their swim shorts on all day but none of us went swimming in the sea. The North Sea is very cold even in the middle of summer.

What the 3 of us did do was wander all over the beach and the rocks and we made use of the private little beaches to make up for the lost sex time.



Everything else went much the same for the rest of the summer holidays. I earned quite a lot of money working at the pub and nowhere near as much working on the farm. We helped Ted lifting the potatoes, ploughing and sowing some seeds in the fields. There was plenty of skinny dipping with both Beth and Ted joining us at times.


Daddy’s romance seemed to going well and I stopped worrying about daddy being lonely once I’d moved out.


Damon from the rugby club phoned me towards the end of the August and the 3 of us went to another 18th birthday party with another young man losing his virginity to my pussy. As Damon drove us home that night I realised that I was going to miss taking the virginity of 18 year old guys with lots of other guys watching me.


Noah and Seth both got themselves little motorbikes to go to college on and at the same time their parents paid for driving lessons for them. Understandably they would rather that their son’s were inside a car than just sat on a ‘death machine’ as Seth’s mum called motor bikes.


All in all it was an amazing summer that I would love to do all over again. I just hoped that the next summer, after my first year at university, would be just as memorable,

