JP and Laverne's son Newt's story.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Controlling Sister: Controlling Mother: Laverne (MF, mf, 1st, cons, exhib, inc, interr, mc, nc, oral, impreg, f-solo, tg, voy)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Hopefully you've already read Controlling Sister 1-3, but if not...

In 1984, 14-year-old JP discovered the ability to take control of his 16-year-old sister Marie's body. Not mind control; he actually inhabited and controlled her body. While physically present, he could be in both bodies at the same time, though with different viewpoints. Within a few weeks of experimentation the ignorant boy had impregnated his sister and his ability to control her stopped.

A year later, he did the same thing with his newly found half-sister Laverne. It ended the same way.

---

It was the year 2001. 15-year-old Newt looked at himself in the mirror. He could see some of his mother Laverne's African American features looking back, but also blue eyes and a lighter skin tone that must have come from his unknown father.

He growled, angry. Why didn't his mom ever tell him who his father was? Her insistence that she didn't know didn't make any sense! She said that Newt didn't look like who she thought his father was, and she hadn't been with any blue-eyed white boys.

His mother hadn't had any serious boyfriends as he grew up, so he had no strong male role models in his life. He felt that he might be gay, though he couldn't be sure because he was so shy, unlike his mother, who could start a conversation with practically anyone at the drop of a hat. He was jealous of her ability to do that while he just stood there, quiet as a mouse.

He considered. Why was he so obsessed with his father lately? There had been that daydream he had a few weeks ago, where a man far away had been telling him something in his head, something about...about...

Evil minds? It slipped from his awareness again. Then there was that moment where he thought he had been looking at himself through his mother's eyes, but that couldn't have been real.

"Newt!" Mother was calling. He sighed and left the bathroom.

His mother was holding out his backpack. "You're going to be late for school, honey."

Newt ran to the bus and waved back to his mom. As he took a seat, a deep voice whispered into his ear, "Yer mom's a sexy beast, Isaac."

Newt sighed. 16-year-old Jeff Culls said that to him at least once a day, and also called him Isaac because Newt's full name was Newton..."Isaac Newton, get it?" Jeff had said. Truth to tell, Newt would have preferred Isaac to his own real name, so Jeff's attempts to annoy him had failed. It didn't keep him from calling him that all the time, however.

He glanced back at the dark-haired white boy, though not so long as to make him think that he wanted a fight, and then he turned to look out the window. He thought that maybe Jeff was cute...did that make Newt gay? He didn't fancy having a penis stuck up his butt, though, so maybe not.

---

When he got home after school he turned the corner to find his mother bent over, digging through the clean laundry hamper. Facing away from him like that, Newt could appreciate the fullness of her round butt filling out her Capris. Not seeing her face helped him to think of her as maybe someone other than his mother. Well, he thought to himself, how could I be gay if I'm thinking these kinds of thoughts?

As his mother continued to dig through the hamper, her butt shifted back and forth, almost hypnotically. Being a woman, he thought, must be so amazing. The soft roundness of their bodies, the attention they got from men...if only...

He experienced a feeling of being torn in half, but there was no pain. It was like half of himself had just...left.

No, there it was, right in front of him. His mother stood up, a bit shakily, and turned around.

At the same time, he had also stood up and turned around to see himself standing there.

He looked down at his body...no, not his...his MOTHER'S! He saw the tops of her large breasts, constrained by her tight v-neck shirt, keeping him from seeing anything below them. He reached up and caressed those massive boobs through her bra and shirt.

He watched himself in his mother's body reach up and start fondling her breasts. This was crazy!

Newt in his mother's body realized that this was crazy, and put her hands back down. "What do we do now?" he asked himself.

---

*Author's Note: To avoid confusion I'll use "Newt" with male pronouns and "female Newt" with female pronouns when referring to Newt in his mother's body.*

Female Newt had some problems at first with her mother's top-heavy body as she walked around the house, as well as the sudden change in height. After an hour of practice, though, she felt like she had a good handle on it.

She looked at herself in the full-length mirror in her mother's room. She was beautiful! She suddenly realized that she didn't miss her penis; Female Newt in her mother's body felt...right.

She put her mother's coat on and went out with Newt. Neither of them knew how to drive yet so they walked into town, female Newt enjoying striding along like a woman (so bouncy!), getting appreciative glances from all the men (and some women), and saying hello to most everyone. It was easy to be outgoing when everywhere you looked you saw receptive, smiling people, she thought.

Then she saw Jeff Culls walking with a slightly younger girl. Both Newt and female Newt waved at the older boy, making him frown in confusion. Then they walked over.

"Hey," female Newt said to him, "you're Jeff, right? Newt says you think I'm a sexy beast."

Jeff looked at the surprised girl next to him and then back to female Newt. "Um, ah, I didn't mean nothin' by it, ma'am! I was just talkin'."

"Well, Jeff, how would you like to come back to our place so we can...discuss it?" Female Newt was having some trouble making his mother's voice sound natural but Jeff had never heard it before, so he didn't notice anything wrong.

"Oh, uh, I'm with my sister..." Jeff said, looking at the girl again.

Female Newt took that in stride. "She can come too, like a double date. She winked at the teenage girl, who Newt recognized from school, though he hadn't realized that she was Jeff's sister. Now that he thought about it, though, there was a family resemblance. He realized that both Jeff and his sister were cute.

The girl shrugged at her brother but her eyes were wide, looking at both big, bold Laverne and Newt.

"Yeah!" Jeff replied, ogling female Newt's breasts before reining in his natural maleness and looking back at her face.

---

Back at home, Newt and female Newt went into the kitchen, made some lemonade, and put some cookies onto a plate. All of them tore into the refreshments. Soon female Newt was sitting close to Jeff on the couch while his sister had wandered over to Newt on the loveseat.

"I'm Tessa," she said.

"Newt," he replied.

"I know."

Newt goggled at her as she sat next to him. She knew his name? What did that mean? He thrilled at the possibility.

"What?" Tessa turned to look at the other couple on the couch. Female Newt had just asked Jeff...

Holy shit! Newt realized that female Newt had just asked Jeff if he wanted to touch her tits!

Jeff was frozen like a deer in headlights. "Are you serious?" he asked.

"Yup!" Female Newt said, pulling her shirt off.

Tessa's arm shot out, grabbing Newt's wrist tightly. Newt quickly shifted her grip to his hand. They were holding hands! Both watched the other couple.

Jeff grabbed a hold of those ebony melons through her bra and squeezed for all he was worth. Female Newt gasped at the unfamiliar bodily contact and Newt felt his cock harden quickly. He leaned forward, unconsciously moving himself closer to Tessa. She leaned backwards into him, her breath rate speeding up as she watched her brother fondle what she thought was Newt's mother.

Then Female Newt leaned forward and kissed the 16-year-old boy. She was taller than Jeff so he leaned back under her oral onslaught. She took advantage of this, raising his t-shirt up to feel his slim chest.

Tessa had unconsciously moved Newt's hand to her thigh as she watched her brother and Newt's mother making out. Newt held very still, aware of what his female self was doing but focusing his male self on the cute dark-haired teenage girl whose hot body was pressed back against him.

Then Female Newt unzipped Jeff's jeans.

Tessa stood up like a shot. "We gotta go!" she declared, heading over to her brother and pulling the now complaining boy away from the predatory older woman. The teenage girl's nipples were now clearly visible through her shirt. "Bye!" she called as they headed down the stairs to the landing of the house.

"Come back tomorrow, same time!" Female Newt yelled out before they heard the front door slam.

Newt looked at her. "What the hell did you think you were doing?"

She looked offended as she put her shirt back on. "I'm having fun. We both think he's cute, so why not? Didn't see you shying away from Tessa."

Newt chewed on a fingernail. "I have to think about this. Should we see if we can give Mom back her body?" Then he thought for a moment. "Oh shit, what if she remembers what we've been doing?"

Female Newt ran her hands lightly over her breasts. "Then we're probably dead, or we'll wish we were. Maybe we should just stay like this. Hmm..." She unbuttoned her Capris and reached into her panties. "Oh, wow, you should see this..."

Newt started walking out of the room. "No thank you! It was bad enough seeing what you were doing with Jeff..." Thump.

Female Newt felt something shift in her head and she stopped her pelvic exploration. "Hey, um, Newt? You okay?" She got up and rounded the corner to find him face first on the carpet. "NEWT!"

She knelt down and felt her consciousness split again as he got back up to his hands and knees.

"What happened?" he asked.

She helped him up. "You just...passed out?"

He looked thoughtful. "No...it's like I just wasn't here anymore...I was you and only you."

"Let's try something," she offered, helping him back to the living room couch. Once he was seated she started to slowly move out of the room. "Start counting."

"One...two..."

Then Female Newt rounded the corner and that same mental shift happened again. Newt stopped counting. She poked her head back around the corner to see that Newt had passed out again. That same feeling of splitting occurred again, and Newt was once again conscious.

They both considered. Visual range? It seemed so. Female Newt went outside and Newt was just an empty shell until she spied him from the yard. Then she crossed the street, still keeping him in sight. Yep; direct line of sight was required, except they were still connected if they closed their eyes so it wasn't entirely visual.

He set up his mother's new digital video camera and left the room, coming back a minute later. He needed to be sure his body kept breathing or he might die if he had to be separated from his mom for five minutes! Sure enough, they saw that he was still breathing, so his autonomic systems still worked...he just wasn't in his own head when Female Newt in her mother's body wasn't present.

He wondered if he could take over others while still in his mother's body. He looked out the window, at an older man walking by. He concentrated...nothing. Then an attractive thirtysomething woman jogged by...still nothing.

"I guess I can only take over one person at a time," he agreed with himself. "And I can't test if I can be more people than Mom while I'm still her."

"But if we let her go and she remembers, we're fucking dead, dude," she replied.

They decided they'd have to keep it going.

---

They did everything together. Fixing dinner, going to the bathroom...they even showered together, which Newt found weird but Female Newt loved it because she finally got to see all of her new body. It was glorious!

They went to bed together as well, in their mother's room. As they lay there naked, both had trouble sleeping because they normally slept alone. Finally, Female Newt asked, "You wanna fool around?"

"Gross, dude, that's Mom," Newt replied, turning away. It was one thing to ogle her bending over, but he could see his mom's face even in the dim light.

"Well, I'm going to see what I can do for me...you just go to sleep, I guess," she replied, moving her hand down to her vagina. As she got familiar with the "plumbing", Newt could also feel her pleasure in his head so his dick got hard despite the weirdness of the situation. When she came on her fingers he ejaculated into the sheets.

---

Newt couldn't go to school because he'd immediately drop to the ground the moment he lost contact with Female Newt, so she called the school to report him sick. An hour later she got a call from her work asking where she was, so she told them she was sick as well.

"That won't work forever," Newt said.

"I'll go tomorrow," she replied. "How hard can it be to make coffee?"

She had major problems trying to get back into her bra, so Newt had to help. Eventually he figured out the hooks and she adjusted her sizable mammaries in the titsling before getting dressed the rest of the way in a light blouse and flowing skirt. She loved how free her legs felt in it.

They watched TV and played video games for the day until there was a knock on the door.

"Yes!" Female Newt cried out and bounced out of the living room. She opened the front door to find Jeff and Tessa there, both looking sheepish.

"Come on in!" Female Newt commanded as she made way with a flourish. The teenagers did so.

Then Female Newt realized that she had left Newt behind. "Oh shit..." she murmured.

"What?" Tessa asked.

Female Newt quickly recovered. "Oh, nothing...just have to let Newt know you're here. Come on up!" Then she bounded up the steps, leaving the teens goggling at her bouncing body as she went.

Newt sat back up from the couch as his female self came into view. She gave him a 'sorry' smile and then turned to greet their guests. This time Female Newt and Jeff took the loveseat while Tessa joined Newt on the couch, though not before Female Newt closed the drapes.

"You weren't at school today," Tessa said as she sidled up to Newt.

"Oh...um...yeah, wasn't feeling great," he replied.

Tessa backed off a little. "Oh, really? Is it catching?"

"Oh, no!" Newt quickly responded. "I'm feeling great, especially now that you're here." He could feel Jeff's hands on his breasts again.

Wait, no, he realized, that was Jeff's hands on Female Newt's breasts. He looked over at his female self, her shirt and bra already off. She was wasting no time, reaching into the teen boy's unzipped pants and making him gasp in pleasure.

"Jesus..." Tessa whispered, climbing to sit between Newt's legs in order to get a better vantage.

Newt put his hands on her hips and she didn't stop him. He moved his face closer to the back of her neck and she shivered at the feel of his hot breath there.

They watched as Female Newt massaged Jeff's cock in his pants while he continued to play with her large breasts, paying particular attention to the large chocolate colored nipples with their wide areolae.

Tessa squirmed, her butt pushing back against Newt's hard cock in his own pants. "Oh..." she sighed, feeling it.

Jeff leaned forward, taking one of Female Newt's nipples into his mouth. At that feeling, Newt leaned forward and kissed the back of Tessa's neck.

"Ohh..." Tessa gasped and shuddered. She lifted Newt's hands from her hips to her own chest.

Newt lightly squeezed Tessa's breasts through her t-shirt and thin sports bra. They were nowhere near the size of his mother's but he had no problem with that. He kept kissing the back of her neck as she continued to watch her brother's sexual antics.

Now Female Newt had extracted Jeff's cock from his underwear and was stroking it while he continued to suck on her nipples, alternating back and forth between them.

"I'm gonna cum..." Jeff groaned. Female Newt quickly let go of his cock, stood up, unsnapped her skirt, pulled down her thong, and then climbed into the boy's lap.

Tessa leaned forward. "No way..."

Female Newt reached down and, with a little work, sighed as she made the connection. She then easily sank her co-opted pussy all the way down onto the teenage boy's hard cock.

"Fuuucckk!" Jeff cried out as he leaned back and blew his virginal load into Newt's mother's unknowing body.

"Oh!" Female Newt exclaimed, feeling the warm pulsations deep within her. Yes, she realized, this felt right.

Both Newt and Tessa had frozen at the sight of Newt's mother abruptly taking Jeff's virginity. They waited.

"Mmm, sugah, can you keep it up?" she asked as she ground her pussy into his crotch. "I know I can when I'm really horny."

"What?" he asked, confused.

"I mean, I know teenagers can when they're really horny," she quickly covered, "and it looks like I'm right." With that, she started to move up and down on Jeff's spermy but still-hard cock.

"Shit..." Tessa moaned, turning her head to look back at Newt. They locked eyes and then lips, their tongues intertwining, his hands now moving down, pulling her shirt up, followed shortly by her bra. His hands were now directly on her small breasts, making her gasp into his mouth.

Jeff had dived back into Female Newt's breasts, licking, sucking and nibbling, driving her wild while she rode him.

Tessa looked over at her brother's penis as it disappeared into the sexy older woman's body again and again. She felt so hot...she needed to be touched...down between her own legs...

She took one of Newt's hands and slipped it under the front of her sweatpants' waistband. Newt was surprised but quickly recovered, his shared knowledge of his mother's body coming in handy as his fingers found the young girl's clitoris without much trouble.

"Mmm! MMM!" Tessa gasped into Newt's mouth as he found the spot. She kissed him harder, getting closer to the release she needed. Her own hand found Newt's cock through his jeans and she started to rub it.

Female Newt felt her orgasm rising up from deep inside her. As good as masturbating had felt last night, this felt like it was going to be massive in comparison. The feeling of fullness from Jeff's cock thrusting inside her only magnified the pleasure. She bounced harder.

Newt kept one finger manipulating Tessa's clit while he started to slip another between her virginal pussy lips. At that, she stiffened and moaned, cumming on the invading digit. Knowing that he was making her cum set off his own orgasm in his pants. They both groaned into each other's mouths as they continued to kiss.

Newt's orgasm set off Female Newt's through their mental connection. She reared up, stiffening her spine as she came hard around Jeff's teenage cock.

Then the connection was gone and Newt was himself -- only himself! And he was still cumming in his pants. What had happened?

"Uhh...uhh..." Laverne gasped in the throes of a huge orgasm which for her seemed to come out of nowhere. One moment she had been searching the laundry for her favorite bra, and now she was overwhelmed with orgasmic pleasure, unable to tell what was happening around her.

"Newt?" she moaned. She was astride a man, his face in her boobs, his hard cock...

"Unhh! Aahh!" Jeff cried out as another orgasm overcame him. Once again he splashed his teenage load inside Newt's mother's unprepared reproductive system.

"Oohhh..." Laverne moaned at the feeling of the insemination, the warm pulsating feeling extending her orgasm. She had to stop this! She looked down at the man below her...

And then Female Newt was back in control over her body again. She huffed, coming down from her orgasm.

Tessa leaned back against Newt, breathing heavily but spent. "Is your mom gonna be okay?" she asked.

"Yeah, she's fine," Newt lied.

The siblings left shortly thereafter, with a promise to return the next day. Newt changed his underwear and pants but Female Newt stayed naked, Jeff's cum running down her thighs. "It feels so good, so squishy in there," she told him. Neither of them thought about birth control...they just figured Laverne was too old to get pregnant, even though she was only 36.

---

The next day, Female Newt again reported Newt sick and went to his mother's work while Newt's body remained at home on his bed. She quickly found out just how tough it really was to make coffee, and she was sent home with a written warning.

When she got back she went to Newt's room and unzipped his pants.

"What are you doing?" Newt exclaimed, zipping himself back up.

"I'm horny. You sure you don't want to fool around?" She turned and bent over his dresser, making sure to show off her shapely ass in her tight uniform slacks while hiding her face.

Newt felt his cock stiffening at the sight.

Female Newt looked back. "Close your eyes," she ordered him, and he did.

Then he felt her unfasten and pull off his jeans, and soon his half-hard dick was in her warm mouth as she sucked on him, inflating it to its full 5" size. Newt felt the bed shift, heard another zipper, and a few seconds later Female Newt was on top of him, rubbing her bare pussy lips on his cock shaft. Within a few strokes he felt hot, wet, tight pussy surrounding his manhood, and they both groaned in pleasure.

Except he heard his mother make that groan. He opened his eyes to see her on top of him. "Stop!" he ordered her, feeling his erection fleeing in disgust. It was one thing to see his mother being fucked by Jeff, but he just couldn't do that himself.

Frustrated, they both dressed and went out to lunch.

---

A few hours later, Tessa and Jeff were visiting again. Female Newt was incredibly horny from the aborted sex earlier in the day, so ordered Jeff to get naked and climb in between her legs as she lay back on the couch. Tessa, surprisingly, took off her jeans and got Newt to do the same while making sure that she kept sight of her brother and his older lover.

As Jeff sank his cock into Female Newt's wet pussy, Newt pushed his underwear-constrained cock head into the panties protecting Tessa's own juicy vagina, making her moan. They both watched and matched movements with the other couple as Jeff kissed Female Newt while slowly sawing his cock into her depths.

Tessa chewed her lower lip as Newt's hard dick bounced away from her clit and pussy lips again and again. She needed to feel a little more to orgasm...just a little more... She reached down and pulled the crotch of her panties to the side, knowing that she was still protected by Newt's briefs.

Those briefs, though, were soaked through with precum from what they had been doing for the past few minutes. They were also briefs, not boxers, so they were quite stretchy. That precumsoaked through the fabric of Newt's underwear and transferred itself to Tessa's pussy lips as he continued to thrust.

Female Newt kissed Jeff as he continued to thrust into her. Unlike the first time, he felt he could take his time with Laverne, enjoy her body as she was enjoying his.

On the next thrust, the head of Newt's penis got lucky, splitting Tessa's pussy lips and pushing itself into the entrance of her vagina. They both gasped at the feeling of the underwear-covered head of his cock penetrating her virgin pussy.

Shocked, Tessa looked at Newt. "Uh..."

"Oh..." Newt responded, and then he pushed harder.

"...ohh..." Tessa moaned, hugging Newt tighter. It was feeling really good!

Newt couldn't push any more, his briefs having reached the extent of their elasticity. He pulled back a bit while keeping the head of his cloth-covered cock between Tessa's pussy lips, and then pushed forward again.

Tessa was shaking, it was feeling so good. She was close!

Newt pulled back and thrust in again, only getting about an inch of leeway each time. Then he did it again, and again...faster, faster...

"Uhhhaahhhh..." Tessa groaned as she came on the first inch of Newt's cock as it repeatedly penetrated her.

"Ohhhuhhhhh!" Newt cried out as he came too. His balls had already produced excess sperm from when Female Newt had tried to seduce him hours earlier. That, combined with the sexy voyeuristic situation they were in, had left his testicles overfull with seed. His cock started to blast the already overstretched fabric of his underwear with spurt after spurt of potent, sperm-filled semen, and the overwhelmed material had no choice but to bow to the laws of fluid dynamics, allowing the excess cum to drip through into Tessa's virginal and unprotected reproductive system.

Female Newt came too, wrapping her legs around Jeff's ass and pulling him all the way inside her. Feeling her pussy rippling around his cock, Jeff unloaded his cum as well, splashing sperm onto Female Newt's cervix as it spasmed open and close.

Newt held the inch of his cock inside Tessa while the teenagers calmed their breathing, soaking more of his dangerous sperm inside the unsuspecting girl's barely virginal pussy. Then he pulled back and Tessa's underwear slipped back in place to cover up the evidence.

Jeff said that they couldn't stay long, and after the siblings left, a car pulled up alongside them. They looked in horror at their mother glaring back at them from the driver's seat. Once they were in the car, the telltale smell of sex gave everything away.

Within an hour there was a knock at Newt's door. Female Newt answered it to find two police officers standing there. They immediately arrested her, and one officer had to restrain Newt as he kicked and screamed that it wasn't her fault. Once the other officer had pushed Female Newt into the police car's back seat and out of his sight, though, Newt collapsed.

"Please!" Laverne screamed from inside the police car, "Please let me see him!" But paramedics were called and the police drove her away while they were still working on trying to wake Newt up.

Female Newt didn't know what to do. If she left her mother's mind, then she'd be back in her own male body, but stuck there because he couldn't see his mother! Ultimately, she stayed in her mother's body, trusting that the medical personnel would keep his male body safe until she could figure out what to do.

---

She was booked, processed, and shipped off to women's prison, which was terrifying. The other prisoners had heard that she had molested a child. Some backed off when she revealed that Jeff was 15, not a small child, but others kept up their threats and "accidental" bumps into her that gave her bruises. She cried herself to sleep every night.

When her period came a week later, Female Newt thought she was dying. She was taken to the prison nurse, who impatiently instructed her on how to take care of it.

Finally, after three months of incarceration, she was taken to her hearing. Jeff and Tessa were there, and Female Newt was surprised to see that Tessa's stomach had grown. The girl was pregnant!

The siblings testified as to what had happened while everyone in the court glared at Female Newt, including the jury. When she was called up to the stand she tried to convince everyone that what she had done wasn't wrong, because she was 15 years old herself.

"Order! Order!" the judge called out as the courtroom became a chaotic mess, the attendees shouting at her. In the end she started wailing and crying, so they forcibly removed her from the courtroom. She found out later that they had convicted her in absentia...1 year incarceration for sexual interference, and her son would become a ward of the State.

Finally, crying, Newt left his mother's mind and woke up in the hospital. As his unused body reacclimated to him being inside it again, he remembered something, a daydream from months ago, where a man had told him that the power to control someone else's body could only ever be used for evil. He had been right!

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com).