     Emma's Farm - 10 (Ff, inc, food)

Disclaimer:  this is a work of fiction.

The next morning Emily and Linda discuss their new relationship and have fun eating breakfast.
------------------------

     Emma awoke on the couch the next morning.  She rubbed her eyes and for a moment tried to figure out whether the events of the night before had been a dream or not.  She was relatively reassured when her mother walked into the living room wearing an apron, and nothing else.  

	"Oh good.  You're up.  Breakfast is almost ready!"  Linda turned and headed back to the kitchen, making sure to walk with a swagger for the enjoyment of her daughter.  Emma did indeed watch, and did indeed enjoy it.  Emma's heart was all aflutter.  Butterflies swarmed in her stomach.  She couldn't believe what had happened last night, and couldn't believe the world of erotic possibilities that was opening before her.

	Emma threw off the blanket around her and discovered that she was naked.  She shrugged and got up.  She was a little embarrassed to be so openly  naked, but given the events of the night before she thought it would be okay.  Her cheeks still blushed as she walked nakedly through the living room and into the kitchen.  She paused in the kitchen door momentarily, admiring the naked woman in front of her working over the stove.  Linda shook the pan of scrambled eggs, and her wonderfully shaped ass jiggled ever so slightly.  Emma licked her lips as she thought about biting it.

	"Have a seat!" her mother said as she heard her daughter behind her.  Emma complied.  Linda continued to prepare breakfast as she talked.  "Last night was wonderful.  And I want you to know that we didn't do anything wrong - I mean, what's the harm in two girls enjoying themselves?  I mean, you're almost grown, you're certainly mature enough to handle almost anything . . . so what's the harm in having a little fun?"  Linda was trying to justify it to herself as much as comfort her daughter.  "I saw the security camera footage of you while I was out of town."

	Emma's jaw dropped.  She had completely forgot about the cameras.  Her mind reeled as she tried to remember everything she had done while her mother was out of town.  Playing with the milk cows, pooping her panties, getting peed on by the horses . . . it was all too much and Emma turned bright red and her body locked up.  Her mother continued.

	"I saw everything - and it was beautiful.  A girl exploring her sexuality."  Linda turned around at this point and saw her daughter sitting there, frozen, naked, and red.  Emma was mortified.  Linda rushed over and put her hand on her daughter's cheek.  "There wasn't anything on that video that I hadn't thought of doing myself.  Trust me.  You have no reason to be embarrassed.  In fact, as I watched it, I masturbated."

	"I, I was just so horny.  I've been so horny lately and all I can think about is getting off."  Emma managed through her fading embarrassment.  

	"It's okay sweetie.  You get that from me.  If I don't wear thick panties my thighs are slippery by the end of the day.  I was about your age when I began to get horny."

	"And how did you get it to go away?"

	"I didn't.  You learn to deal with it - I can teach you the tricks."  Emma looked as if she was about to cry.  "Oh honey, it's okay. Think how much better it will be now that it is out in the open.  We will be able to help each other with this problem.  Who knows. . . this curse might turn out to be kinda fun . . ."

	"Thanks for understanding mom."

	"I love you sweetie"

	"I love you too."

With that the two girls kissed.  Not the kind of kiss a mother gives a daughter, but the kind of kiss that is shared between lovers.

	"Now, do you want breakfast?"

	"Yes, thanks mom.  I"m starving."

	They feasted on eggs and talked.  Emma asked her mother about when she was young and what she did to relieve her sexual addiction.  Linda told her about a few experiences, most of which involved going out in public in skirts with no panties.  As Emma finished her eggs, she was beginning to get quite horny.

	"Do you want a sausage?"  Linda asked as Emma put her fork across her plate.

	"Sure, I could eat a little."  Emma watched with confusion while her mother climbed up on the kitchen table, pushing the dirty plates aside.  Linda was on her hands and knees, with her beautiful pussy just inches from her daughter's face.

	"Well, dig in!"  Linda said as she contracted her vaginal muscles, forcing a link of sausage to peep out from between her pussy lips.  Emma was shocked, not so much by the action itself, but by how accurately her mother had seemed to have read her mind.

	Emma's lips pressed against her mother's labia.  Her tongue spread them open and pushed inside, flicking up and pulling the greasy sausage out a little further.  Emma bit it between her front teeth and pulled it out further.  She put her moth around it and bit clean through, chewing and swallowing before burying her face in her mother's vagina again to try and get the rest.  Her tongue pushed in and out of her pussy, moving all around, lashing out at her clit.  As Emma chewed the last bite of sausage, Linda quivered in orgasm.  As the thin white liquid began to gather over the clitoral hood, Emma covered her mother's vulva with her mouth.   She sucked, running her tongue through every nook and crevice of her mother's vagina, delighting in the flavor of her mother's love juice.

	Linda got off the table and sat back down opposite her daughter.  "See?" she said, "I think we're going to have a great time!"  Emma nodded her head as she masturbated with her right hand.  She moaned in anticipation as she saw her mother pick another sausage link off the counter.  "My turn."  Linda said with a grin and knelt between her daughter's legs. . .