CHAPTER THREE

Methos was roused from his peaceful slumber by the sounds of destruction and chaos. Getting to his feet, he ran towards the door. The sounds were coming from the stables. Swiftly, the Immortal headed for the stables and went inside.

The white mare was in a rampage, her eyes burning with hellfire. She was rearing up on hind legs, kicking up a storm. Methos' stallion was blocking her path, fighting the mare for all its worth. Glancing down, Methos saw Duncan huddled fearfully in the corner, holding his bleeding right arm. It was obvious that the horse was trying to kill him.

Knowing that it was Duncan's steed that must be stopped, the smith grabbed a rope and tied it into a lasso. Carefully, he eased closer to the warring horses, twirling the lasso in his hand. When he at last found an opening, Methos hurled it, the loop landing right through the mare's neck. Jerking hard on the rope, the noose tightened.

"WHOA!" Methos shouted as he struggled desperately with the wild animal. "WHOA, GIRL!" But the mare would not stop.

Realizing that he had no other choice but to try and tame her, the Immortal leapfrogged on her back. Just as his hand gripped his makeshift reins, the mare began to buck wildly, determined to throw her rider off. With a strong kick, the horse ripped the stable door off its hinges and galloped into the corral, bucking and kicking fiercely. The steed even dropped to the ground, wanting to crush her rider. Methos, however, twisted his body out of the way in time.

Suddenly, the horse launched into a full gallop, heading straight for the fence. Before Methos could get a tighter grip, the mare stopped abruptly. The momentum sent him flying through the air. Falling hard to the ground, Methos felt the wind knocked out of him. He could only manage to turn onto his back and watch as the mare reared up, ready to stomp him to death.

"NO! STOP!"

Duncan placed himself between the horse and Methos, his arms raised at his sides.

"DUNCAN, GET OUT OF THE WAY!" the Immortal cried.

But the Highlander stood his ground. From his position, Methos could not see the young man's face. It was fortunate that he couldn't. Duncan was glaring at the mare, his eyes glowing like smoldering embers.

His baritone voice assuming an even deeper tone, the Scot growled, "HEED MY COMMAND, VENGANZA! I ORDER YOU TO STOP! NOW!"

Venganza. Vengeance, Methos thought. An appropriate name.

At that firm command, the mare calmed down, bowing her head in submission to her master.

"Duncan?" Methos asked worriedly, fearful that Death had resurfaced once more.

The strain of establishing control over the horse was too much for the Highlander. To Methos' shock, Duncan fell into a heap on the ground.

Methos was cleaning the blood off the Scot's arm when Duncan opened his eyes.

Smiling, he greeted cheerfully, "Good morning!"

There was great concern in the Highlander's dark brown orbs. "Methos, are you all right? The horse! She didn't hurt you, did she?"

"I think I should be the one asking those questions."

Duncan sighed. "I'm sorry. I woke up early this morning. Since you were still asleep, I thought I'd look around and see if I could remember something. When I went inside the stables, I saw the mare. Something told me she was my horse. But when I tried to touch her, she just lashed out at me. Her eyes...they were burning with fire! I tried to get away but she had me trapped. And my arm..."

The Scot quickly glanced down only to find that the gash was gone. "I had a large cut," he exclaimed, feeling the unbroken skin. "What happened to it?"

Methos calmly pulled out his dagger. "This is what happened to it." He then cut his left palm open.

"METHOS!" Duncan exclaimed as he sat up, taking the Immortal's bleeding hand. "What the hell do you think you're doing?"

"Look at it, Duncan."

As the Highlander gazed at it, sparks of light crisscrossed over the wound, healing it. Duncan touched the skin, but there was no trace of the cut. He looked questioningly at the older man.

"We're Immortal," explained Methos. "We cannot die unless someone takes our head."

"I don't understand."

It took several hours for the Old Man to explain to the Scot the nature of their being. He told him about the Rules of the Game that he was now a part of - they could only fight one on one, never on Holy Ground. The winner takes his enemy's head and his power. In the end, there can be only one.

Duncan shuddered visibly. "All that fighting, the killings, and for eternity? I don't think I could live like that."

"Of course it won't always be like that! Just look at me, MacLeod. I'm the oldest of our kind living on this earth. But I live a very peaceful life here..." He caressed the younger man's cheek. "...with you."

There was such relief on Duncan's face. "I'm so glad. I could never take another person's life. EVER!" He then flung his arms around the ancient's neck. "And don't you dare hurt yourself again!"

Methos wished he could share the younger man's relief.

How would you feel, Duncan, if you learn that you may have slaughtered hundreds of innocent people? The Immortal closed his eyes, as he felt the cold finger of the Master touch his spine. No! I swear I won't let you become Death again! You will never be the Master's servant!

Unknown to the two men, the Master was observing them through his scrying pool.

"Do you think you could keep him away from me, Methos?" he muttered, an evil grin on his face. "Sooner or later, Duncan MacLeod will be no more and Death will ride again."

The Master touched the handsome profile of the Highlander's face. But his fingers disturbed the water that the vision vanished with the ripples.

As he leaned back against his chair, he said, "For now, he is yours, my ancient warrior! Play with him! Do with him as you will! You might as well know the exquisite pleasures the Highlander has to offer!"

Saying this, the Master burst into raucous laughter, pleased with the game he has set into motion.