One year later...

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Horfies, Chapter 3 (MF, inc, lac, NC, impreg)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

1997...

19-year-old Vern stole some unidentified pills. They were called Horfies, a combination of roofies and hormones designed to put a woman in the mood while later taking her memory of the inevitable sexual encounter. His 18-year-old nerdy sister found them and then practically raped him until he filled her pussy with his incestuous cum. Then, because she forgot about them, it happened a second time and she got pregnant.

---

1998...

It had been about three months since Vern's 19-year-old little sister Tess gave birth to baby Chet, though she was unaware that the child was also his.

The siblings sat on the living room couch, him pretending to watch Will & Grace on TV and making appropriate noises when the laugh track went off, but really he was perving on his sister as she fed their child. Lucky baby, he thought, as his eyes surreptitiously slid over the swells of her new, improved mammaries. Tess had been an A-cup before she got pregnant, but she seemed to be a C now.

"Mom and Dad are taking Chet to see Grandma and Grandpa this weekend," she informed him. "We should do something fun while they're gone...whattaya say?"

"Sure, Tess," he responded, making sure to keep his eyes fixed on the TV while she was looking right at him.

---

Tess had pumped out some extra bottles of breast milk for her parents to take along. They said their goodbyes, and then brother and sister were alone again for the weekend for the first time since the night Chet had been conceived. Vern's cock gave a twitch at that memory. He wasn't handsome, just okay, but despite his ability to con people out of their money, he just wasn't good with women; he'd only had sex twice in the last year, so he was super horny.

He headed to his room, considering. He knew his sister was still raiding his dirty magazine collection under his mattress pretty regularly, based on how they were arranged when he saw them later. He had hidden the weird roofies from the previous year in a more secure spot, but he wondered, if she found them again, would she take one, as before? Putting it into her drink didn't feel right to him, but if she did it to herself...

He pulled the bag of yellow pills out from under his chest of drawers, tossed them under his mattress, and then went out, telling his sister he'd be back in a couple hours with some beer.

---

When he got back, only an hour later, he left the beer in the entryway and went straight to his room, expecting to see his sister splayed out on his floor, ready for a sexy romp, as before, but the room was empty. "Tess?" he called out into the house.

She came around the corner from the kitchen. "Oh, you're back early! Excellent! I'll order some pizza...did you get the beer?"

"Uh, yeah, lemme get it..." Vern felt disappointed. He figured that Tess must have had other things to do than masturbate while he was out. He placed a couple of the warm beers in the freezer, set the egg timer to 20 minutes, and put the rest in the fridge. Then he plopped his ass down on the couch and grabbed the remote. "You wanna see what's on TV?" She nodded, and he found a movie on Showtime.

A while later, the egg timer went off. "The beers in the freezer..." he said as he made to get to his feet.

"I got 'em!" Tess jumped to her feet and ran into the kitchen. Vern heard the beers hiss open, and a minute or so later she came back with the bottles in hand, as well as some napkins.

"Thanks," he said as he took a swig of his beer. She took a sip of her own, frowned at the odd taste, and then gulped some more down. At 19, almost 20, Tess wasn't really old enough to drink, but Vern didn't care about that shit...he had just turned 21 himself, so could legally buy liquor, and he wasn't about to drink alone.

The pizza arrived a little later, and they chowed down on Hawaiian (his favorite) and Pepperoni (hers). Pretty soon he was feeling good, and Tess went and got them replacement beers. They were sitting back, satisfied from the pizza, when a sex scene started on the TV.

"Oh! Shit, sorry, Tess," Vern said, "I didn't know this movie had sex in it."

"Psh! I've had sex, obviously, Vern."

Vern glanced over at her. She was wearing shorts that showed off her slim legs and a tank top that stretched over her full boobs and slight "mum tum". While it was Winter and the weather had turned colder, their parents kept the house warm, so she dressed accordingly. "Right."

Tess finished her second beer quickly and then dropped her head onto his leg as she stretched out on the couch next to him. This gave him the perfect angle to see down her motherhood-improved cleavage, and with her attention focused on the screen, his eyes strayed down more often. Damn, those tits looked nice now, he thought. His cock started to respond to the visual stimulation.

The sex scene in the movie reached a fever pitch as the characters announced their mutual orgasm via grunts and gasps, and he looked up to catch the end of that. Then he felt a touch on his erection and looked back down. Tess had turned her head to look at her hand rubbing along his bulge through his jeans. "Mmm..." she moaned.

Vern had to admit, his little sister stimulating his hard cock felt incredible. But why was she doing this? he wondered. His hand moved down to lightly caress one bra-covered boob and she gasped.

"Vern?"

"Yeah?"

"I put one of your ecstasy pills into each of our first beers."

He froze. "You WHAT?!"

She looked up at him, her eyes wide. "With Angela away at university, I've been going stir crazy being locked up for months after Mom and Dad found out about my pregnancy! I'm sorry! I just wanted to have some fun."

Vern shifted to the side, dropping her head to the sofa, and rose to his feet. He had to barf it out!

But then he dropped to his knees, unable to walk. "Oh shit..." He turned to his sister and found her face only inches away from his.

She moved forward and kissed him. His cock responded approvingly, and he returned the lip lock with gusto. She pulled back. "Over a year with no sex...I'm so horny, Vern..."

"I'm...I'm gonna help you with that, Tess." He moved forward and kissed her again. After a few seconds, his wanton sister levered up from the couch, pushed him onto his back, and jumped upon him, grinding her crotch against his through their shorts and jeans, respectively. She pulled off her tank top, revealing her juicy round boobs, restrained only by her maternity bra.

Vern pulled at the front fastener and her C-cups spilled forth, her nipples leaking breast milk. His eyes wide, he moved forward to take one of them into his mouth, sucking deeply.

"Oh-hahh!" she moaned. "Oh, you dirty boy, sucking baby's milk from my boobies!" But she didn't stop him. She already felt perverted, dry humping her own brother...what was one more perversion? "Ahh!" She stood up shakily, popping his mouth off of her boob, and pulled down her shorts and soaked panties before falling upon him again. His jeans were unfastened and down his legs in record time, and then her very wet and hot pussy lips were sliding along the hard shaft of the 6" cock that she didn't remember had impregnated her the previous year. She reached down and angled the head between her labia, and then pushed down, moaning as her brother's cock slipped inside her, inch by pleasurable inch.

"These are fuckin' amazing..." Vern moaned as he reached up to fondle her breasts, one now less full than the other. A few seconds later, his cock bottomed out inside her.

"Fuck me, brother...fuck me..."

He grabbed her hips and started to thrust up at her.

"Yes, yes..." she moaned, her enlarged boobies bouncing. "Ahh, that feels so weird..." she gasped as she crossed one arm over the overly mobile mammaries in an attempt to hold them still.

He pushed her arm aside and grabbed her breasts and she continued their fucking. Bringing the other boob to his mouth, he nursed again, sucking down her warm milk. "Uh-huhh..." she moaned.

After what had happened the previous year, had he been in his right mind, Vern would have made sure to pull out and cum all over his sister's mommy tits, but the Horfie was depressing his intelligence while energizing his libido, and so he grabbed her hips again and pulled her tightly to him, holding his cock at its maximum depth as he grunted and blasted her unprotected insides with a massive load of sperm-filled semen.

"Uhh-kh!" Tess arched her back as she felt the wet explosion of warmth deep inside her, and came hard, her mouth lolling open. Milk splashed from both of her boobs, into Vern's mouth and down his chest as she shook in pleasure from the incestuous insemination.

---

"OH GOD!"

Vern stirred awake. He was naked, and someone was on top of him. "Hm?" He opened his eyes, but immediately regretted it as the morning sun filled his head with pain.

"No no no..."

Someone scrambled off of him and he saw his naked sister standing to the side, her fabulous, newly-grown boobs saying hello to both him and the morning sunlight. The two of them had been laying on the couch, he realized, intertwined like lovers.

He sat up, also naked, his head making him instantly regret it. "Uck...what happened?"

She pressed her fingers between her legs and examined the white liquid that seeped out from there. "Oh my God! I think we had sex!"

"I don't remember..." he began, but then realized what that meant: his sister had probably roofied them both the previous night, thinking that the yellow pills had been Ecstasy or something. The stupid idiot! He got up and grabbed all the clothes from the floor while his sister stood there and sniffled. He handed her hers.

"Thanks, Vern. Did...did I rape you? I was on top." She pulled on her panties and bra.

He pulled on his jeans. "I don't remember, Tess. You don't either?"

She shook her head as she pulled on her tank top. "I'm never drinking again!" She ran off to the bathroom, where she sat on the toilet to let her brother's semen leak out of her. There wasn't much left, most of the three loads from the previous night having already been absorbed into the deepest recesses of her body. Her periods had been irregular after Chet was born, so she figured that she was at a safe time of the month, and besides, she had heard that it wasn't possible to get pregnant while breastfeeding.

Unfortunately, she was very wrong on both counts. While it's true that breastfeeding produces hormones that make it more difficult to get pregnant, a woman's cervix is also lower for a while after giving birth, making it easier for sperm to get inside her womb. Her irregular period didn't arrive that month, and neither did the next, so she bought a pregnancy test and cried at the positive result.

Her parents would never allow her to have an abortion, not even for an incest baby, and she was definitely not going to tell them about her brother's involvement! Plus, she was already beholden to them for taking care of her and baby Chet when she had to drop out of university. She was going to have to stay at home and have her brother's baby, though she was unaware that it was actually their second together.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)