One request to you all that before reading this please see the pics of girls about which m going to narrate the incident,just keep reading and you'll get my e-mail.

Hey everyone, this is my first story. I like virgin pussies hmmm delicious....and married ladies ohh my god.....So continuing with my story........i'm a tall boy 6ft and slim.I don't have a gf so i watched many different kinds of porn and read quiet a lot of books on satisfying women and different sex techniques.Now i wanted to fuck someone very badly.

So i considered all options neighbours,cousins,teachers etc. so i started planning and i was not going to stop because of this lust in me.I couldn't be satisfied by one women i needed many and that too different types.I thought how can i have sex with my cousin sister as that is very easy to plan and also the temptation of a virgin cunt and to make a slut out of simple girl was irresistible uuhhhmmm.So m 20 and my cousin is 19 and has a younger sister of age around 18 but both were very attractive bombs.

I was thinking how can i do this n wen will v meet.Got a perfect chance at a relatives wedding,on the night v arrived as u know she is my sister the elder one we slept together along with other cousins n i slept just next to her.I was on her left n on the other a small baby and his mother(my mami) were sleeping.It was cold so v each had a rajaa-e(thick blanket).

Now it was late at night i slowly placed my hand on her from over the blanket and slided under her arm to my surprise she grabbed my palm and fingers.This was the sign......i started by raising her sleeve up n slowly kissing sides of her biceps,then kept the back of my fingers on her face and uuuuh she gave the expressions of some actress doing an erotic scene.

Now i was uncontrollable, i kissed her neck n hand back n wherever i cud.Slid my hand under her shirt but she refused maybe she was cautious about anyone around or because she was a virgin whatever,i was in no mood for non-cooperation.I thought ok lets enjoy by other form.

So i cupped her soft tight breasts over her top......eeesssss........what a feeling.I started to press them n she took an erotic moan in whisper aaaahhhhhaa.After pressing both breast n kissing i tried to insert my hand in her lower(pajama) but she resisted. Ohh u now this is the limit bitch.I pressed her buttocks harshly and her thighs softly then started rubbing her crotch from over the pajama,i became furious n she started matching rhythm with me,n i suddenly stopped but she still in her rhythm n then stopped.....she was not liking it.I kissed her neck.....and slowly asked her is this your 1st time? she said yes it was for me also though......

I slid my hand in her top this time from back side n the more she resisted the more i got aroused.I pushed aside the tight straps of her bra n opened the hook of her pink colored bra n slid my hand through the lower portion of her bra n cupped her bare breasts, i was pressing them pinching the nipples n she was helpless it was making it more exciting.The same way i slid my hand in her lower n pressed her buttocks played with her pussy rubbed it then she slept.Next morning she was not behaving properly,now 2 things made me angry one that i didn't had sex last night and 2nd her shitty behaviour. So i thought of teaching a lesson to this bitch.Her younger sister.....around 18yrs piece of potentially hot fuck.

I started flirting with her n it was easy to capture her so i talked to her casually n all. Then after a few months i went to their city.they have a huge house 3 stories,they live on the ground.Now one morning their father went 2 office,mother went to some relative,grandfather went to bitching around the town and elder sister Ishita went to her friends but was a bit hesitant in leaving her younger sister with me.I started my laptop n put the porn folder with other movies folder.......and opened a sex story titled 'fucked my hot cousin sister' and minimized it.

She came asked what are you doing? 'about to see a movie,here is the folder of movies choose one'i said n went to bathroom but was watching here silently from door.Bingo!! mission accomplished. She saw that sex story and read it....it might have given her a thought to consider his brother for a nice fuck.I called her 'did u choose?' she closed the story n said m choosing.now i went n said these r action,they r comedy etc. then she asked me whats in the porn folder of course i named it 'secret'.

I told that they are adult movies and not for kids like u.We started watching n i put my hands across her shoulder n started to very mildly press her side of boobs.Then i said m sleeping n slept there n watching what she does.Wen i slept she opened the porn folder n after seeing quiet a few vids she started rubbing her clit. she was not able to control n totally engrossed in it.Then she kept her hand on my tool n started feeling it,took out my tool n started licking it.I opened my eyes n started rubbing her cunt,she got surprised n i said continue n she started licking my dick again it was not coming in her one hand ;).Then i showed her vid n how to give a blowjob.She sucked on it hungrily.I made her nude n pressed her boobs,sucked them,cupped them,bite them.She was moaning in a cute voice 'aaaahhhhh bhaiya aaaahhhh zor se aahhh'.But there was something else going in my mind.

I made a plan.I started to arouse her by kissing on her lips biting her ears,then neck,then circling my tongue over her navel then biting her waist,removed her shorts n licked her thighs n plant a kiss on her cunt.N then i stopped.....n just calmly rubbed her pussy,she begged 'bhaiya plz suck na plz'i said first u have to promise me something......she said what? i said.....first let me take your naked photo so u'll keep your promise else i won't do it.....n was constantly rubbing her pussy....she was mad n said ok do it fast.....i snapped her photo.

Then i wanted to give her max pleasure so she will desire more.I licked her cunt and slid fingers between inner n outer pussy lips and pinched her nipples with another hand.she was mad 'uuuuussssss uuuuhhhhmmmmm ah-ah-ah-ah-ah aur karo aur karo tez karo' then inserted one finger in her cunt n now licked her labia and clitoris.....she was mad n today definetly she will bcome a slut......'uuuufffff aaaauuuuu mmmmm aaah aaaaaaaaaa bhaiya aaaaaaaa' she was rubbing my hair pulling me close.She came heavily with a loud child like scream 'aaaaaeuuuulll'.She said 'bhaiya fuck me hard now' but i said 'no i won't' she was so much depressed 'q bhaiyaaaa quuuuu?' i said 'i'll fuck u after u complete ur promise' she said what? i showed her a video of threesome n said 'do u like it?' she said yes.I said that i wan't to fuck her sister with her. she said 'waaaatttt?'

I said yes.She said she will not do this.I said 'ok at least help me to fuck her alone' she said 'i can't' then i pulled her close to me n kissed her n rubbed her pussy........for 2-3 days whenever i got a chance i just pull her forcefully even if someone was around and slid my hand in her shorts n just rubbed her pussy......so she cud'n't moan n beg me to fuck her......she said if u won't fuck me then i'll fuck with somebody else.i said if u do that i'll show her naked body to her mother.......now she was begging for mercy 'plz fuck me plz chodo na bhaiya plz na'i said first i'll fuck your sister n will make her my bitch.
Having some mercy on her soul i sometimes licked her pussy very intensly and very hard so she would want more but left her before orgasm.She finally agreed to me.........i decided i'll make these sisters my streotype sluts.

So we started planning and in the meanwhile i took her all shame away by some naughty incidents which was important.I took her to rooftops n said her to tease the neighbours by wearing low cut kurta and bend n show cleavage to them n then smile naughtily...i took her to market n walking behind her i spank her and pinched her n acted as if i don't know her so on seeing me other people got courage n started touching her ass.

Then i took her to metro very crowded,so i just slid her pajama down so her buttocks were visible n told people to touch her ass n some people also slid their hands inside her top n pressed her boobs(i made her remove her bra at house).Now she was ready her shyness was gone.If u want to know how i fucked those sluts together wait for part 2.........n hey feedbacks FREY@TORMAIL.ORG