Thinking About Going a Little Further
By Claire

I think I wrote last time about walking naked across the grassy commons between the two girls dorms in the quad to go study with my friend Kell. Well now I make that trip two or three times a day, not just to see her but to visit with other friends and really just to do it.

And lately in the mornings when I get up, instead of going up to the kitchenette of my own dorm for breakfast, I walk naked across the commons to the other dorm and get something from their vending room on the first floor. We have great vending service in both dorms. You can get fresh fruit, yogurt, cereal and milk and all that, and there's plenty of tables and chairs, and even a little outside eating area with an awning. I really like that becuz it feels almost as if I'm going out to a restaurant naked. In the mornings I do this alone because Amy won't get her butt out of bed until the last minute and skips breakfast. And because this is at about 7 a.m. it is often pretty chilly which for some reason I like.

Altho there aren't many people around at that hour, later in the day when it is warm I will find other excuses to make the trip. Everyone in the quad knows me and I know nearly everyone by name and I stop to chat for a brief moment or two with several different people as I make my way across the quad. Some of the guys are still obnoxious and there are still a few girls here and there who turn up their noses at me, but it's mostly been just fine. But I don't stay out more than a few minutes at a time and am always headed towards one dorm or the other and soon inside. I still expect someone in one of those windows to call security on me, plus if I am out there too long there will eventually be a crowd of guys around me.

As for outside the dorm area I've taken my top off now and then. I am boldest when I'm with a crowd of friends and we're not near a busy street or large numbers of people. Amy, Steph and Kell are my closest friends but there are several other girls (and guys) that I hang around with and when they're walking with me someplace I sometimes can be talked into whipping off my top for part of the journey.

I've acquired a few more of those silk scarves I wrote about before. They are very handy because I can just slip them off and fold them up in my purse or my bookbag as I come back to the dorm. In addition to the scarves, I also have a couple skirt-like bottoms that a friend of mine made with her little $25 mini sewing machine that she got from Target. We were inspired by that little two-flap skirt that detaches from the bikini bottoms. Although I've worn that a few times I can't really wear them to class or in real crowds of people because they truly don't cover enuf. So my friend found some vintage ladies handkerchiefs and put a loop hem in them and held them together with an elastic cord. So like the bikini skirt they just have a flap in front and flap in back, but the flaps are big enuf (though barely) that they almost make a skirt except just a sliver of skin that shows on each hip. But then when I want to I can bunch the cloth together like you do when opening a curtain and then much more of my hips are exposed. So that has come in really handy because I can walk past a prof into a classroom looking reasonably well covered and then let more show when I'm seated. And I like to lift the back flap as I sit so that my bare butt is on the seat. (Some people probably find that gross, but I like how it feels.)

Interestingly, I have felt more secure and safe totally naked in the quad commons than wearing my skimpy outfits elsewhere on campus because I sometimes feel a bit creeped out by stalker-boys who aren't brave enuf to come near but hover nearby. I don't think they're dangerous but you never know and I'm careful about where I go by myself.

Fortunately, I'm not really alone that much. Just in the few weeks I've been here I've made a lot of friends -- and not just horny guys who want to hang around with me but real friends, mostly girls but some guys.

I haven't really dated anyone yet, though I do get offers! I like some of these guys but just as friends. There are three guys in particular that I spend a lot of time with. They are just guys from the dorms in the quad and they hang out with me and Amy and some of the other girls from my dorm. One of the few things the RAs are strict about is guys only being in our dorms when visiting a specific person so these guys are here as our guests. I go naked around them in the dorm common rooms (ours, never theirs!) where we watch TV, play ping-pong, etc. I know they get off on being around me and I enjoy their occasional horny comments but for the most part me being naked just isn't the central focus of conversation anymore. I forget I am nude for long stretches of time and only remember when I look up and notice all the guys are staring at my crotch and I realize I'm sprawled in some natural position but accidentally displaying myself, and when that happens I quickly change positions and we all laugh about it and I feel embarrassed (in a good way). There have even been times when we decide to go someplace and I start walking for the door and don't remember until we're almost outside that I need to put something on.

When I am in Kell's dorm I sometimes hang around near the main front entrance look out, wanting to just walk out there. There's a parking lot on one side and down the way there's the back of the Art building and in front there's a street (not a busy one) across which there's a little coffee place with a few booths inside and a to-go window where people walk up and order like at Dairy Queen. I fantasize about walking out that door, crossing the street naked and going up to the take-out window to buy a cup of coffee. I don't even like coffee, but I'd like to try that one of these days.
