Part Not As Expected
by Mandraek

Not As Expected : Part One

My name is Julia Tempst. I am 18 years old, I think I have a pretty good body, and I feel as though I am required to tell you that I can be a little bit of a perv. Ever since I discovered the male body, I just can’t help but need to see every boy I know naked. Whenever I meet someone, even if I don’t like them, I can’t help but imagine what they look like naked. It’s my morbid curiosity that gets the best of me. Many of the boys and men in my life I have tricked into getting naked or spied on them while they undress. I just can’t help myself!

My latest target is Josh Meyerwitz. He lives around eight houses up from mine. He is this super cute guy, he is two years older than me, and I’ve known him for a few years now. Ever since I’ve known him I’ve been trying to figure out a way to see him naked. He does competitive swimming so I scooped out his swim practice, he always wears this speedo that looks AMAZING on him. But every time I tried to sneak a peak by sneaking into the locker room or getting his speedo loose in the pool, it never works out. Luckily a friend of a friend told me his schedule. He goes to swim practice, he gets dressed in the private bathrooms at the gym, then drives home, then he showers. My connection also told me that his room is being renovated, so he is sleeping, and more importantly showering, in the basement of his house. Which bingo, has a window in his backyard that I can spy on him from. Josh gets back from his swim practice at 9:30 PM, so I have to be outside his window by 9:45 PM to see the goods. 

I’ve got it all planned out. I have this nice black spy outfit that I use. It’s a black sweater, with black jeans, I have these dark navy slip on shoes that I wear for sneaking, and a black beanie that I wear to keep my hair hidden. So tonight I plan on sneaking over to Josh’s house and getting into his backyard where I can access the window to see him in. I’ll see him strip and shower, maybe even masturbate if I’m lucky, then bounce and be home by 10. Another day in the life of Julia master perv!


Not As Expected : Part Two

So it’s 9:30 PM and everything is set. I got my spy outfit on. I got confirmation from my friend that he just left the gym and is on his way home. To avoid any suspicion, I take the road behind all of the houses to get to Josh’s house. I don’t want anyone to break into his house, I’m a perv not a burglar. The road behind the houses is less of a road and more of a really unkept field. There is cacti and over grown rigid grass in the field. I really hate walking through it, but it’s the only way to get to Josh’s house without being noticed. 

I eventually get to Josh’s house and see his mom drinking wine in the backyard, all of the lights fill the back yard. I think about waiting for her to leave but time is limited. Josh will be arriving home anytime now and at this point I’m too horny to not see him naked tonight. It looks like Josh’s family is really into gardening as there are flowers and larger plants covering the entire backyard. It’s kind of like a jungle in there. I see this as perfect cover though. I hop the fence while Josh’s mom is busy refilling her glass of wine. She’s also just in general too drunk to notice me, so that’s nice I guess. I use the wall of sunflowers the line the perimeter of the fence to get past the mom and get to the window. What my recon didn’t tell me is that the window that leads to Josh’s room is where they planted this super prickly bush. But again, I’m not giving up at this point. I push myself through the bush and get a vantage point to the window.

FINALLY. The time is here. Josh’s mom walks inside and the motion detector lights go off. Hiding me in the darkness as I can look into the window. The bush is uncomfortable, but all that discomfort goes away as soon as I see Josh walk into the room. All my emotions hit me as soon as I see him. He curly black hair, his freckles, swoon! He walks into his room and drops his gym bag and then the magic starts. First he takes off his shirt, revealing his sculpted abs and pecks. This is nothing new. I’ve seen all of this at the gym, but there is something about seeing it this way that makes it even more special. He tosses his shirt to the other side of the room and unbuttons his pants. He runs the zipper down and pulls his pants down. His thighs are so muscular, his butt is so round and perfect. This is such a thrill ride for me. My heart starts racing. I can’t help myself. I’m finally going to be able to see Josh naked. Josh hooks his thumbs into the waistband of his underwear. He begins to pulls it down, and right as his pubic hair comes into view, the lights in the backyard come on. 

I jump a bit, the dad has come out to clean up after his drunk wife. He didn’t know I was there, but he heard me just now rustle the bush as I was startled by him. I quickly look back through the window and my opportunity was shot, Josh already walked into the bathroom and closed the door, closing my vision. I missed it. Now I’m angry. I rustle the bush a bit more with my disappointment, not thinking. Then I hear the dad,

“Are those raccoons eating our produce again?” The dad says. 

I panic now. I hear the dad grab some wooden thing off the deck. A baseball bat maybe? It doesn’t matter, he won’t kill me but he certainly isn’t going to like an 18 year old girl spying on his son and/or breaking onto his property. I have to get out of here FAST. I quickly start to get myself out of the bush. Getting into the bush was uncomfortable, but easy enough. Getting out of the bush however, is painful and extremely difficult. The more I squirm the more the thorns stick into me. The dad is coming though and I have to hurry. I start getting out of the bush, but my top is getting caught on all of the thorns. I try to get it unhooked from the thorns, but the more I do that the more it gets caught!

The dad is coming though, and I don’t have much of a choice. I either get caught by the dad and face who knows what kind of consequences, or I ditch the top. Time to face the music Julia. I take my top off and leave it to the bush. The dad is approaching but doesn’t see me yet. I can’t run through the sunflower cover I had before. He’s sober and is looking for something. My only choice is to hop the fence immediately to my left. Without giving time to think, I jump up and grab the top of the fence. It’s too tall for me to clear, but I squirm and tip over the fence onto the other side. As I land on the other side of the fence, safe from the dad, I hear him mutter to himself,

“Dumb rats. Got away again.”


Not As Expected : Part Three

Well this is just super. I missed my chance to see Josh naked. I’m sitting in the backyard of another neighbor. And worst yet, I’m wearing my bra, and thats about it for above the waist. The night air feels cold on my stomach and practically bare back. But I jut need to get home. I adjust my beanie and start to get up when things get worse. As I try standing up, I notice that my jean pocket got caught on the fence on the way down and ripped my jeans from my back pocket to my calf. The back of the right calf jean is still stuck in-between the two fence posts. I try pulling and yanking it out so I can go, but that just makes the tear even bigger. 

Well this is even better. It doesn’t look like I’m going to be able to move if I keep these jeans on. This is like a nightmare. The only upside is that the backyard that I’m in now belongs to the Spineli Family. And they are on some long cruise right now. The bigger upside is that I housesat for them a year back and know where they keep their spare key. The even BIGGER upside is that Momma Spineli wears my same size. So with this knowledge, I unbutton my jeans and leave them ripped up stuck in the fence post. 

I walk up to the house and pull the spare key from under the fake rock in their backyard. It’s a little strange walking around a pretty much stranger’s backyard in only your underwear, your shoes and a beanie. But at the same time, I’ve tricked boys into skinny dipping in a public pool right as the girl scouts showed up. I’ve witnessed worse, so this is nothing. I unlock the back door and walk into the house. 

I walk around the house a little bit, and I’m not ashamed to admit that I snooped around a bit. Hey, you never know where you’re going to find naked pictures of Papa Spineli or Son Spineli. Eventually I walk into the master bedroom and look around for some clothes that I can borrow/steal. That’s when I hear a growl. One part about the Spineli’s that I forgot about, they have this giant Rottweiler. 

The dog is standing behind me across the room. Now this dog is trained to attack. But the benefit for me, is that the dog is blind. So I just need to distract the dog so that it doesn’t attack me. The dog doesn’t know where in the room I am. It just knows that I’m in the room. I very quietly pull off my left shoe, the dog tries to listen for where I am. I throw my shoe across the room, the dog turns around and attacks my shoe ripping it apart. While the dog is destroying my shoe, I dash for the door and leave the master bed room. 

Once the dog realizes that my shoe is not a burglar, is hears me running and comes my way. I jump over the couch in the living room and stay silent. The dog follows me but can’t hear where I went to into the living room. Unfortunately, now I’m sweating from all of the running I’ve had to do and the dog can smell me. The dog starts approaching me as I slip off my other shoe, before it can get too close I toss the shoe across the room, signaling the dog to run after it. I use this opportunity to dash into the kitchen. 

This dog is smarter than I thought or give it credit for. The dog follows me into kitchen and is growling LOUD. This dog is angry that I’ve been able to get this far. I can’t run into any other room without risking a jump over the dog. And I know I won’t win that battle. Behind me however, is a window back to the backyard. 

Well this is just super. I quickly unclasp my bra and take it off my chest. I throw my bra across the room knocking over some bottles of olive oil. The dog takes off for the broken bottles and I jump through the window with my life in tact and very little clothing.


Not As Expected : Part Four

I just wanted to see Josh naked. Is that too much for a girl to ask for? Now I’m in my neighbors yard wearing just my black beanie and my white panties (what? my spy outfit was black and I didn’t intend of it coming off, give me some slack!). The cold air hits my nipples. Which I am embarrassed about. I have C-Cup breasts, but my nipples are bright pink and are dime sized. With the cold air hitting me, my nipples become erect. I need to get home fast. Unfortunately, since I gave that dog my shoes, I can’t walk the road behind the houses back to my house. If I did I would stab my feet or break my feet or something. The road is too rough for my barefeet. So what can I do instead? Walk down the street in public? Wearing only my panties and a hat? Yeah I don’t think so. Little to mortifying for me, even if no one saw me. 

Doesn’t look like I’m going to get much time to think about it though. As that dog is quickly becoming the smartest dog on the planet and runs out the doggie door that I had no idea the family had. Without much time I dash for the adjacent fence. Don’t worry I learned my lesson the first time. I quickly remove my beanie and put it on top of the fence, using that as a blanket as push myself up and over the fence. 

So I was able to evade the dog once again. What I wasn’t able to do was avoid my new challenge, which is water. As I when I jumped over the fence, I landed directly into the neighbors pool. I quickly come up for air and breathe in while I find my bearings. It doesn’t seem that the neighbors who own the pool are home, so that’s good. I quickly paddle toward the edge of the pool and get out. 

So now I’m soaking wet and the only article of clothing I have left is my pair of white panties. And you know that one color that becomes see through the moment it becomes wet? White? Yeah, that’s what I’m wearing. So now my butt is exposed to the whole world, and my pussy which has minor stubble on it, is facing the whole world for the first time since I was like five. The cold air hits me again like a ton of bricks. I begin to shiver and my pussy begins to freeze! I can’t just hang out in soaking wet panties. That is never going to work out. 

So for the first time in public since I was a little girl, I pull my panties off and stand completely naked outside. I shake my body a bit to get the water off me and dry myself a little bit. I wring my hair out over the pool until I’m dry enough to try to figure out the rest of my journey. I walk back to the fence and grab my beanie off the top of it. I tuck my hair back into my beanie and try to figure out how I’m going to get home without exposing myself to the whole world.


Not As Expected : Part Five

I jump a few fences sneakily, remember I am a nudity loving spy after all and I still have these abilities. And I’m able to get past a few houses undetected. Some houses lights went off but there didn’t seem to be anyone who saw me. Everyone probably thought I was that raccoon that Josh’s dad was worried about. 

Thats when I approach the biggest obstacle as well as my last obstacle. There is only one house in-between me and my home. And that house belongs to Logan Rivers. Logan is a boy one year younger than me. And since I’m older than him and he happens to be close to me, I’ve made him my test subject for many other boys. If I wanted to trick a boy into stripping, I would do it to Logan as a test run. If I wanted to sneak a picture of a boy getting dressed, I would test run it with Logan. I’ve seen Logan naked more than I’ve seen him clothed. And he absolutely hates this. After a stint where I tricked him into stripping in front of the cameras for our high schools morning announcements, he switched schools. And it seems that tonight, he is hosting a huge house party with all of his friends from his new school. So the only thing standing in my way from freedom, is my guy who considers me his nemesis and his 50 friends. 

So here is my thought process. Although I’ve seen Logan from every angle, Logan has never seen me naked or even close to it. He doesn’t know that I struggle to shave my pussy or that I have embarrassingly small nipples. I doubt he even knows my cup size. So if he sees my naked body but not my face, he won’t know it was me. He will just think he saw some mystery nude girl. So I take my beanie and pull it down so it covers my entire head. I can still see out of it but not well.

I’ve ran from everything so far and all that has done me is left me cold, wet, and naked. So maybe it’s time I run head on! With my face and identity covered, I’m going to run through Logan’s party as an anonymous streaker, get through it and get back home. It seems like it’s my best case scenario. So here we go. One. Two. Three!

I run at the fence and jump and climb over it. I hope down on the other side and suddenly find myself surrounded by a ton of kids my age all looking at my naked body. I’m terrified, but I have no time. I start running straight for the fence to my house. As I run and push my way through people I hear them start to call out and yell.

“Whose that?” One guy asks.

“Is that Ashley?” A girl asks. 

“Nah, Ashley is way hotter than that.” Another guy responds. Thanks for that guy.

I run for the wall of the fence but can’t get there, everyone is blocking me from running. I’m surrounded by a bunch of people. All of them are laughing and I notice a few of the guys are sporting erections. As I try to push through them to get to the fence to my house. I feel one of them grab my ass. I hit his hand away and try from another angle. As I run more people start slapping my ass. It’s becoming almost like a high five row at the end of kids soccer where its just a series of high fives. Except this time everyone gets to spank my ass. 

I can’t do it. I can’t get to any part of the fence. I’m screwed. In completely naked besides a black beanie covering my face that I can barely see through. But I do manage to see one exit and it’s the worst case scenario. I can run through the back door, through the entire party, out the front door and then through the neighborhood briefly to my house. This is the worst case scenario. And I’m absolutely living it.


Not As Expected : Part Six

Without giving it anymore thought I make a mad dash for open glass door to the house. Unfortunately, my mask isn’t very see through. And it turns out the glass door isn’t open. I smack myself against glass door and fall backwards onto the ground. I slow down for a second as I just hit a giant wall head first. But then I realize that I am lying on the ground face up with my legs spread wide. A frat looking dude comes up to me and says,

“Let me help you up!” Jokingly. He grabs a handful of my pussy and my shoulder and pulls me up off the ground. Normally I would figure out a way to strip him and ruin his reputation. But I don’t have time. If I stick around any longer, they will pull my beanie mask off. So a little dazed, I pull the door open and run inside.

As I enter the house, I face a whole new group of people who have yet to see my nude body. The reactions start back up again! 

“Who’s that?” A girl asks.

“This is hilarious!” Another guy says.

“What’s up with her tiny nipples?” Another guy asks.

“I don’t know but that ass is bouncing like a damn beach ball!” Another guy says.

I run around the house trying to find the exit to the front door. I running past people, everyone is getting an eyeful of my body. But at least they weren’t seeing my legs spread wide like the crowd outside. I run around the house some more when I look forward and I can see myself running directly toward someone. And that person is Logan. Logan turns around and sees a masked nude girl running toward him and doesn’t know what to do. I see Logan, the only person I know personally. I get caught up in this and I stumble and trip over something on the ground. 

At the speed I’m going I go flying forward and into the air. Logan’s eyes widen as I fly toward him. I try to catch myself and land on my feet, but in doing so I launch my hips forward and send my pussy directly into Logan’s face. Logan and I fall to the ground. Logan lying directly on the ground with me sitting on his face. I’m a little dazed by all of this, as everyone in the party surrounds us as I sit naked on Logan’s face. Logan grabs my ass and tries to get me off. He mumbles something but it gets lost and is registered in my brain as Logan eating me out. Two other guys grab my arms and lift me off of Logan. The two guys hold me up for everyone to see and Logan stands up.

“What is going on?” Logan shouts angrily.

“We don’t know!” One of the guys says.

“She was streaking in the backyard! We don’t know who she is.” The other guy explains.

“Do you think she’s a cat burglar?” Someone yells.

“I don’t know about a cat, but that pussy is tight!” Another yells in response.

“It might be tight, but she did a bad job of shaving!” Logan yells out. Everyone laughs. Everyone is laughing at me. They are laughing at my pussy. They are laughing at my naked body. Logan, of all people, just made a joke about my naked body. The only upside I could see is that they still didn’t know who I was. But before I thought it could get any worse, it did.

“Everyone calm down! The cops are driving up!”


Not As Expected : Part Seven (Final)

The party goers turned down the music and everyone tried to pretend that they were sober. The two guys holding me up brought me out of the line of sight of anyone who was at the front door. Two police officers rolled up in front of Logan’s house with their lights and sirens blaring. A knock was at the door and Logan walked up to the door and opened it. 

“Hey officers, sorry if we were disturbing the neighborhood. We can turn the music down if we need to.” Logan pleads with the cops.

Maybe this will go well. Maybe the cops will come in and see that these party goers have this nude girl held up and will break the whole thing up. They will give me a blanket and walk me back to my house, hopefully without revealing my identity though! Then it will just be a minor embarrassing ordeal that I will always know that I was the legendary nude streaker girl that no one knows the true identity of.

“Oh don’t worry son.” The cop says. “We are actually here because we got a few reports of some suspicious activity of a thief sneaking around a few houses around here.”

Well Shit. Logan took a step back and looked toward me and the two guys holding me. The two guys tightened their grip. Which changed from horny grip to justice grip.

“Do you have any more info about the suspicious activity?” Logan asked.

“Yeah. Apparently some kind of girl running around the neighborhood getting into houses and backyards. Some say she is kind of clothed, and other says he is naked.” The cop explained. “Oh and some mention tiny nipples and poorly shaved genitals.”

I don’t know if all that info was necessary. 

“I think we have the person you’re looking for!” Logan leads the cops into the party and toward me. 

The officers approach me and everyone in the party came close. There are literally over 50 people all staring at my body. Some are horny. Some are angry. But every single one of them wants to know what was under my beanie mask.

“That looks to be the suspect. Those nipples match our police drawing of them.” The second cop confirms.

OH COME ON!

“Well let’s just see who our breaking and entering nudist is then.” The leading officer says as he comes over to me and grabs the top of my beanie mask. He pulls the mask up, and like a scooby doo villain, my face was exposed to everyone around me. Everyone at the party has a face to my nude body. Logan’s face almost immediately changes into the widest smile I had ever seen. Everyone in the party starts taking out cell phones and start taking phones of me. 

“Looks like we have out criminal.” The cop says. “We’ll take it from here.”

The two guys finally let got of me. I quickly tried to cover up my nudity but the cops stopped me.

“Hold it right there Miss Dime a Dozen!” The cop says. He quickly got behind me and pulled my arms back handcuffing them behind me. 

Now I can’t even hide my intimate parts that I’m embarrassed about. Everyone can see them. And everyone is taking phones of my nude body as I am escorted out of the house. 

Outside all of the lights in all of the houses are one. Everyone one of my neighbors is outside watching this happen. All of the party goers. The neighbors that I ran through their lawns. Even the Spineli’s are there! They are suppose to be on a cruise! How’d they get here! And worst of all, clothed in his pajamas, was Josh. Josh watched as I was escorted completely naked, in front of everyone, with my hands handcuffed behind me, to a police car where I was going to be taken downtown to be questioned. 

All I wanted was to see Josh naked. And now my entire neighborhood has seen me naked.


