Logan pulled up at Kira's place at 8 pm, on the dot. He waited patiently, and curiously to see what she would wear. Tonight, he was taking her to Club Desire, the local BDSM hub for the black community. Kira was nervous, but excited. After healing through the physical and emotional toxic Dom abuse of her ex, she felt that she was finally able to take control of her sexuality and freedom.
Tonight wasn't just about her getting to watch others interact - she wanted to see what Logan was truly like, outside of work, and in his true environment. She couldn't explain it, but she had a feeling that something would change tonight.
Kira took one last look in the mirror. She had decided on a strapless, black lace dress and a pair of black studded ankle boots. She had her hair up in a high ponytail, leaving her face and neck free to roam, save for a chained choker.
Logan watched her, leaning against the car, his face unreadable, as she sauntered towards him. He pulled her to him in a warm embrace, before opening her car door and helping her in. He couldn't help but brush his hands along the side of her exposed thigh, not commenting on her slight jump. He smiled and closed the door without a word.
Kira's excitement grew the closer they got to Club Desire's door. From the outside, it seemed like a simple city night lounge: brass posts, wooden door outlined in red brick, a set of stairs leading to a black canopy, the usual structure you'd expect in the city.
Logan took Kira's hand. "Are you ready?" She detected a tiny hint of concern, and squeezed his hand.
"I'm more than ready." she declared, walking them inside. Kira's eyes widened as she took in the scenes around her. She observed clothed and naked black and brown bodies, some wearing chains and harnesses, some with leashes and collars, and some people who had belts of paddles and floggers wrapped around their waist.
All she could hear is a cacophony of moaning, impact, and crying surrounding her from all sides. From what she could tell, this lounge had large open rooms with public displays and sessions, as well as closed door rooms for those who desired a more private experience.
"Are you going to give me the tour?" Kira asked Logan. He looked at her, noticing the adorableness of her face, her large brown eyes and the soft, sweet lips he had begun to dream about. He shook his head, releasing his hand from her grasp.
"You need to see things for yourself. It's okay, go on and look around." She watched him as he walked away, leaving her to explore. She took a deep breath, and steered herself for whatever she was about to see.
The first open room she stopped in had a Domme spanking a female sub, naked and cuffed to a wooden board. Kira gazed on as the Domme would run her flogger up her vagina, across her ass, then "pop!", hit her with the flogger multiple times in quick succession. The sub called out in pain and pleasure.
Pain and pleasure, a feeling Kira was unfamiliar with. It was discomfort and pain, all the time with Damien. Something clicked in her head. Another myth broken, another door opened. She smiled and walked over to the next small crowd.
This duo were a married couple, demonstrating what edging was. Kira felt herself absorbed in the moaning and twitching of the wife as her husband brought her to the brink of cumming, then stopping, resetting, and doing it again. He would kiss and bite her all over, while holding a hitachi on high speed to her vagina, rubbing it in circles around her clit. Kira absentmindedly realized she had begun to get wet. Interesting.
As Kira walked from room to room, everything she knew from Damien was being proven wrong. A healthy dynamic is not one where the sub does whatever they're told. A healthy dynamic is simply one where both parties communicate, and respect each other's limits and boundaries.
Damien never cared about what she wanted, just what he wanted to put her through. And that's not how it's supposed to be. This was a major revelation for Kira.
Deep down, she knew she was a babygirl, but she did not ever want to experience the dynamic she had with Damien again. She needed to explore this new freedom, and this new power. She knew exactly who would show her.
Logan was leaning against the bar, sipping a rum and coke, quietly watching the crowd. There was a pretty good turnout. He brought Kira on a good night. He hoped he had done the right thing, leaving her to explore the rooms alone. He knew that she needed time and space to unlearn everything that sorry excuse of a man had taught her.
Logan swirled his drink around, watching the liquid splash against the walls of the glass absentmindedly. He was curious about how Kira was doing. Maybe he should find her. Resolvedly, he downed the rest of his drink, and left the bar to find his girl.
As he rounded the third hallway, he saw her. Gorgeous and sensual without even trying, she was strolling directly towards him, with a resolute look on her face. She stopped in front of him, slowly looking up at him, gazing into his eyes.
Logan slid an arm around her waist, pulling her tighter to him. "See anything you like?" he asked her quietly, lips inches from hers. She lightly licked her lips.
"I've seen everything I needed to see and more..." she leaned up on her toes and pressed her lips softly against his. He returned her kiss, kissing her deeply, sliding his tongue between her lips, which she hungrily received. Kissing Logan lit a fire inside her, a fire that had been put out for far too long.
She wrapped both her arms around his neck, folding herself into him, as he squeezed her side with one hand, cradling the back of her head with the other. She forgot where she was, forgot there were others around. Nothing mattered other than his lips on hers, his tongue in her mouth, and his hand squeezing her ass, hard.
She pulled back from him a few centimeters. "I want you to show me everything I've been missing." He gazed at her for a second.
"What do you want me to show you?" She licked the bottom of his ear.
"I want you to help me figure out what my limits are. I want you to push me and feel you inside of me." He looked at her, sizing her up. She was serious and he was more than happy to oblige. Without a word, Logan took her hand and began walking towards the private rooms.
He went up to the hostess counter and paid for a private room key, Kira quietly containing her excitement. Once he had the key, Logan turned to Kira and said "Wait here, I'll be right back."
He disappeared out the front doors for what felt like eternity. In reality, it was only about 5 minutes. When he returned, he had a black briefcase with him. Kira looked at him, perplexed. "What's in the case?" she asked.
He kissed her softly and simply said, "You'll see. Let's go." Wordlessly, Kira followed him, excited and nervous at the same time, But, she knew that she was ready to discover this world anew.
Logan led her to their room, locking the door behind them. Inside the room, there was a 4-post bed, a large black suede chair, and a side table against the wall. He set down the case and drew her to him once again, kissing her more passionately than he had in the hallway. Kira felt herself melting into him again, and held onto him tightly, as if she'd never let go.
He slid his hands up her waist and around her breasts, reaching for the top of her dress, and began to pull it down. Kira met him halfway, still mid-kiss, and wiggled the dress the rest of the way down. When it hit the floor, Logan stepped back to gaze appreciatively at her form, hunger clear in his eyes. Kira shifted under his gaze, wanting nothing more than for him to ravish her. But he did not, not yet.
"Look at me." he instructed as he unbuttoned his shirt, revealing his chiseled body underneath. Kira took a step forward, but he stopped her with one look. "Did I say that you could move, Kira?" She paused, then stepped back obediently, He smiled in approval."That's a good girl." She felt something twitch inside of her at his words of praise.
He threw his shirt across the room and stood next to the chair. He beckoned to her. "Come here," he instructed. She slowly walked over to him, waiting for whatever was next. "Sit here on your knees, bend over, and don't move." She followed his directions, kneeled in the seat, and leaned over the back of the chair, ensuring that her ass was elevated. She wanted to look behind her to see what he was doing, but used her better judgement and quietly waited.
Logan meanwhile, took his briefcase and opened it on the table, surveying his toy selection. He picked up a blindfold, a mini-vibe, and the fan favorite hitachi. Walking back to her, he caressed her face before placing the blindfold over her eyes. "I'm going to use a few toys on you that I think you will like. Don't fight whatever it is you're feeling, just let it happen and feel the release." Kira's breath quickened in anticipation and she just nodded, tightening her grip on the back of the chair.
Logan stroked the back of her thighs, slightly tapping her ass a few times before running his fingers across her vagina and up her clit. She shuddered at his touch and then gasped out loud when she felt his tongue begin to kiss her other lips. She trembled and moaned as he ran his tongue up and down her clit, sliding two fingers in and out of her pussy relentlessly. He held her in place with one hand, and began slapping her ass in rapid strikes with the other.
Kira felt hot everywhere. His tongue salivating around her clit, his fingers inside of her, the impact of his slaps across her ass, it was too much to hold in. Let it happen and feel the release... Kira shuddered, her body shaking, and before she could stop it, a loud cry erupted out of her as she squirted all over Logan's face. Logan drank every last drop of her juice, fingering her even faster as it streamed out and onto his tongue. He continued to slap her ass as he licked her clean, and her continued loud moans only made him want more.
Logan stood over her, watching her tremble as she rode her orgasm out, before taking her by her waist, and flipping her over, sliding her ass to the edge of the chair, spreading her legs open, and removing the blindfold. Kira looked up at Logan, breathing hard, his gaze intense. She was ready; she was more than ready to feel him inside of her. However, his pants were still on. She looked at him, and he laughed at the adorable confusion on her face.
"Not yet, baby girl. In due time." He picked up the mini-vibe, turning it on, and slid it inside of her. She moaned as she gripped the arms of the chair, trying to steady her breathing. Kira thought to herself, "Holy shit, I'm probably going to cum again, this feels too fucking good, shit, shit, shit!!!!"
As the vibe pulsated inside her, Logan rubbed circles around her clit with his thumb and began sucking on her nipples. Kira started moaning uncontrollably. Everything felt fucking amazing, and she forgot where they were. In her mind, they were in their own oasis, surrounded by her juices and his tongue.
Just as she was feeling herself melt again, she was shocked back to reality as a thousand vibrations rocked her body. She looked down to see that Logan had produced the hitachi and simply held it on her clit, smiling at her. She could not speak or think, all she could do was cry out in increasing volume as her body was wracked by another set of orgasms.
Like before, Logan did not stop once she came, he continued to hold the wand against her, spraying her juices in multiple directions. Her legs were shaking and her crying moans were music to his ears. Now, she was ready. With his free hand, Logan unbuckled and removed his pants. Without warning, he put the hitachi down, and before she could recover, he was deep inside of her warm, tight pussy.
Kira let out a small scream as he stretched her open and filled her up. Instinctively, she pushed against his chest as if pushing him away, but he grabbed her wrists and pinned them above her head. "Why are you pushing me away, Kira? Do you want me to stop?" he leaned down close and asked her. She struggled to look him in his eyes, because they both knew the answer.
But he would not continue without her consent, so she finally met his gaze and replied, "Fuck no, please make me cum again." He kissed her deeply, and as he did so, he thrust into her harder and faster than before. Logan dived deep into her pussy, driven by her moaning his name and whimpering in pleasure and ecstasy.
She tried to free her hands from his grasp and he let them go. When he did so, she held onto him as she wrapped her legs around his waist, pulling him even deeper inside of her. She dug her nails into his back as her hips arched to meet his, and he groaned in satisfaction.
"Fuuucccckkkk..." she moaned as he alternated between fast, hard strokes, and slow, gentle ones. He kissed and sucked on her neck as she held onto him for dear life, breath quickening as she felt that intensity building again. "I'm gonna cum....fuck I'm gonna cum.. I'm gonna..!!!." her words were cut off as he kissed her, fucking her hard and fast as the last orgasm broke through.
Her body convulsed and her vagina contracted and squeezed his dick as he fucked her through it. "Fuck!" he exclaimed as he finally let himself go, pulling out and cumming all over her stomach and thighs.
Kira tried to steady her breathing as her body twitched, the orgasm finally wearing itself out. Logan was breathing hard, his hands gripping the chair, holding himself up. He smiled down at her, caressing her face with a tender touch. "You did such a good job babygirl. I'm so proud of you." Kira smiled weakly at him, a warmth of a different kind spreading inside of her.
"Thank you for this experience. Thank you for helping me find myself again." Logan bent down and kissed her once, softly, before standing up. He stretched his legs out and went to the side table, grabbing a towel and some wipes from the case. He sat them on the bed, then walked over to Kira, picking her up bridal style, carrying her to the bed, lying her on her back.
"How do you feel?" He asked her earnestly. She took a deep breath, gauging her state.
"Honestly? I feel really relaxed, but a bit tired as well. I'm cold though..." Wordlessly, Logan took the towel and wipes and began wiping her stomach and thighs first, where he had ejaculated, and then proceeded to wipe her entire body down, with the most gentle touch she had ever felt.
She felt her muscles relax and allowed herself to give in. Logan hummed softly as he wiped her down, he himself being in a state of peace and quiet. When he was finished, he pulled the blanket back, helping her get underneath it and making sure she was comfortable, before wiping himself down as well.
Kira gazed at him admiredly. Where did this man come from? What were the odds she'd meet someone like him after being with Damien? She didn't know the answers. But it didn't matter. She was the happiest right here in this space as she had ever been in her life.
Logan climbed into the bed with her, pulling her close, rubbing her shoulder and side as she lay on his chest, arm wrapped around him. "You can go to sleep if you want to. Or we could talk, or watch a movie..." Logan's words trailed off as his ears picked up the softest sound of breathing. He glanced down to see that Kira was already asleep. He chuckled, and kissed her forehead. "Alright babygirl, sleep it is."