Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Harem vs the Demon Lord Chapter Eighteen: Futa Mission! Hot & Wild Fun in Another World
Summary: Saffron, Lada, and Willow are off on a naughty mission
Keywords: hh hhh oral A2M anal inter orgy exhib voy fantasy magic gamelit

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Virginia Homewood

“What do you mean that Kali is in trouble?” I gasped as Lada ripped her cock out of my cunt. I pulled out of Brígida's asshole and turned to face Willow.

“I've been trying to tell you that, Lady Virginia,” Willow said. The futa-dryad had this look of dread on her nut-brown face, her curly-green hair stumbling about her shoulders. “She was wounded. I found her lying bleeding. I did what I could for her wound and hid her in dreamweave tree. The one that I was hiding behind when you found me.”

“We have to get her,” I gasped. I turned and looked at the illusion covering the cave mouth. It peered out on a canyon, the strange, purple river flowing through it. “Let's go, Willow.”

“Woah, woah, woah, Your Majesty,” Lada said, hefting her fire ax, the only weapon we had. She stuck it before me to block my way. “You're not going out there.”

“Yes, I am,” I said. “Out of the way, Lada.”

“I love you, Virginia, I do, but you're not going out there. You're too important to risk. You're the one that can stop the Demon Lord. Whether that's Ella or she's just a pawn of the evil, I don't know. But Akane and her volleyball team are out there, and they are armed to the tits.”

Saffron nodded. “I'm going.”

“What?” I gasped at my twin sister. Fear rushed through me. “What if you get captured again.”

“That succubus is not getting the drop on me again.” She swelled up her futa-dick bobbing before her. “You need me to sneak them there. I'm the one who can do it.”

“Sneak who?” I put my hands on my hips, staring at my sister-wife. We were wedded in incestuous matrimony now. Just like Lada and Brígida were my wives. Even Willow and especially Kali. “Me, of course, Willow to get her out. That sounds like enough.”

“Lada,” said Saffron. “Willow to get her out, Lada to carry her, and me to be the scout and gets us through. This is going to be risky. So you're go back to your harem. They're scared right now.”

“Not the cheerleaders,” said Lada. “My girls are ready to kick some ass.”

“Fine, the normal girls are scared.” Saffron smiled at me. “I'm scared, too. You're the important one.”

“You're important to me.” I stared at her. I loved her the most. How could I not? We shared a womb.

“I know.” Saffron winked. “But Lada, Willow, and me aren't important for saving the day. Not like you are. So, suck it up, and go back there and let us do this.”

“Ocean, set a guard here,” Lada shouted. “And no playing with your dicks.”

“Oh, but it's so much fun,” Ocean called back.

I grabbed Saffron's shoulders. “You come back to me!”

She winked at me.

I kissed her, pressing our futa-cocks together. Our boobs met, mine pillowing into her little mounds. She wrapped her arms around my body, kissing me back. The forbidden passion burned in me. I loved her so much. I held her tight.

Then I let her go, both of us panting. Saffron's grin grew broad. “With a kiss like that, I'm definitely coming back. I need to be fucked hard after that.”

“Yeah,” Lada said, her cock dripping with my pussy cream.

“You come back, too,” I said, grabbing her by the back of the neck and pulling her to me. Lada's large breast pillowed into my round breasts. I kissed her, my eyes closed as I reveled in this delight. I loved her a lot.

I broke it and turned, scooping up the frightened Willow in my arms. I pulled her to me, my hands holding her rump. I rubbed my nose against hers. Then I kissed her. She whimpered, holding me tight. My heart raced with delight.

She broke the kiss. I purred, “I love you, too, Willow. Come back to me safely.”

“I will, Lady Virginia,” she said. 

I smiled at her then turned to find Brígida puckering her lips. I arched an eyebrow. “You're not going with them.”

“I just want to be kissed,” the Hispanic futa-mage said. She pushed up her glasses. “Care to make my day, honey?”

I cupped her chin and planted a hot and hungry kiss on her lips. She quivered, the tip of her futa-dick brushing into mine. Shivers ran through me at that contact. It felt so naughty. I quivered, loving it as our tongues danced together.

I broke the kiss, shivering in delight. I glanced over at Saffron, Lada, and Willow. I nodded to them. Lada hefted the ax in salute, Saffron winked, and Willow swayed, her eyes wide. Then Saffron marched out of the illusion, motioning with her hands.

They followed, moving up the path. Saffron paused on the way up and then scampered up it alone. I swallowed as Ocean and Ejiro came up to stand watch. I sighed and let Brígida pull me back to the others, my heart weighed down with fear.

I found Aria organizing everyone. She was cataloging the supplies that were packed in haste and having bags repacked in new ways. She had that domesticity down. She smiled at me, her beaded braids swaying about her ebony face. I grinned back at her.

“Opal, suck Lady Virginia's dick clean of Brígida's asshole,” Aria said. She had really come out of her shell.”

“Sure,” Opal said. The brown-haired futa-mage sauntered over, a big smile on her face. She didn't have glasses like many of them did. “Sup, Virginia. I am so stroked to suck your dick clean.”

“Thanks,” I said, trying not to dwell on Saffron, Lada, Willow, and especially Kali. Saffron would come back to me. She promised. She would keep this promise.

Opal fell to her knees before me, her round tits bouncing. She opened her mouth wide and slid her lips over my dirty dick. This naughty rush ran through me. That was fresh from Brígida asshole. I shuddered as she buffed me clean with hunger.

I threw back my head, feeling the force of her suction. She nursed with passion. She pleasured me with all that she had. It was fantastic to enjoy. The delight shot down my cock and soaked through my pussy. My cunt clenched, Lada's cum leaking out of me.

I closed my eyes and groaned, my round breasts jiggling. The other girls were busy following Aria's commands. My blonde hair swayed around my shoulders, tickling me as I savored Opal's wicked blowjob. Her mouth worked up and down my shaft.

She sucked and slurped. She pleasured me with such enthusiasm. Her tongue buffed my cock clean of Brígida's asshole. I groaned, the heat soaking through my cunt and warming my ovaries. They brimmed with my futa-cum. I would fire so much into her mouth.

“That's so good,” I moaned. “Oh, wow, that's amazing. That's just the best. Ooh, you really know what you're doing, don't you?”

She moaned and nodded. She suckled on my cock with passion. She nursed on me with everything that she had. Her cheeks hollowed. My heart hammered in my chest. A smile spread on my lips as she bobbed her head. 

She suckled and slurped and loved me. My toes curled while my cunt clenched with delight. I breathed faster and faster as she polished my futa-pole with her naughty mouth. Her hands grabbed my rump, clenching at my fingers.

Lada's cum spilled hot down my thigh as I moaned, “Opal, Opal!”

She moaned, her passion humming on my cock.

“Oh, you're going to get a big treat, aren't you?”

She squealed about my cock. I loved how much harder she suckled now. It was amazing. This was a passion that I could enjoy until the end of time. I shuddered, my heart pounding in my chest. I breathed in heavily, loving it.

My hands grabbed my boobs. I kneaded my tits while she groped my rump. Her fingers dug into my butt-cheeks as she suckled my dick clean of Brígida. Her naughty tongue stroked around my crown, bringing me so close to erupting.

“Oh, yes, yes,” I moaned. “Oh, that's so good. That's amazing. Mmm, you're going to get that mouthful of cum. You're going to get so much jizz fired into your mouth. Yes, yes, just keep it up.”

She moaned, her finger sliding into my butt-crack.

“Yes, yes, finger my asshole. That's going to do it. Oh, yes, that's going to make me pop.”

Opal jammed her digit into my asshole. The friction sent pleasure melting down to my pussy then it flowed up to the tip of my aching cock buried in her mouth. I threw back my head and cried out my rapture as I exploded.

I fired blast after blast of cum into her mouth. My pussy convulsed, spilling cum and cream down my thighs. I bucked, my fingers digging into my tits. My asshole writhed around her digit while I kept erupting.

“Oh, Opal, yes!”

She gulped down my cum with such hunger. She swallowed it all down as the dual delights rushed through me. Ecstasy fired from my clit-dick and rapture rippled out of my cunt. They were both so amazing. So intense as they swirled over my thoughts.

“Ooh, thank you!” I whimpered, spurting the last of my cum into her mouth.

She swallowed that down and then slid her mouth off my cock. “Thank you for the honor of cleaning your dick, Virginia. That was yummy.”

“You're welcome,” I said. “Now listen up everyone. I know we're in another world, but there is a plan. There are steps that I have to take to be ready to take on the Demon Lord. Saffron, Lada, and Willow are going to fetch Kali, my sexy futa-elf. She's going to guide us out of here. We're hidden by Brígida's awesome magic. So we're going to relax. Aria, we're going to spend the night here, I think, so let's get organized. We're going to need something for us to eat. Then we're going to spend the night together.

“We're going to have an orgy. We're going to love each other so thoroughly.” I smiled at my girls. “We're going to gasp and moan and cry out in ecstasy. It's going to be amazing. Are you all ready for it?”

My girls all nodded. They were smiling. Aria started giving out orders. She got the mages to build a fire and to fill pots with water, using their spells. I was impressed. And I was also worried. I glanced back at the tunnel.

Four of the futas I loved were out there in danger. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Saffron Homewood

I listened for those volleyball sluts. They were moving around up there. They had spread out, though. I glanced back at Lada and Willow. The futa-dryad looked like she had some sneaking skills, but Lada was helpless.

I just hoped she was good at taking orders.

I scampered up the trail like a squirrel, my naked body almost hugging it. I used my hands as much as my feet, my futa-dick safely tucked into my pussy so as not to strike things. Really wish we had time to get dressed.

Still, it felt nice and helped with my Kegels.

I reached the top and looked back and forth for any sign of the enemy. They could be anywhere. I didn't want those fuckers to find us. I was shocked they hadn't come down the ravine. Did they fear what they would find down there?

That water was strangely purple.

I motioned for Lada and Willow to follow up.

The busty futa-dryad hardly made a sound. She was like a mouse. If you were paying attention, you could hear her. Lada was different. She was tromping, her big boobs slapping together. She made such a ruckus. I almost ordered her to turn back, but...

She would be carrying the elf.

“Okay, wait here,” I said. “I'm going to go ahead and make sure we're safe. You move when I tell you and hide where I point, okay, Lada?”

She nodded. “You're in charge. And how do you do that cock thing? You're hard and in your own pussy.”

“Got to be flexible to be a rogue,” I said winking at her.

I scurried to my next spot. I could just see some of the volleyball girls quartering the woods to our right. They were working their way in that direction. Maybe they thought they saw us fleeing in it. They were being so very loud. It was like an army of Ladas was out there.

I motioned again. That was how we made our way to the tree. Creeping closer and closer to the gate of the school, going twenty feet at a time and then watching. Making sure that I knew where the volleyball girls were at all times. If any turned back or I had missed one by being sloppy, we would be caught.

“This is taking forever,” Lada said. “This elf is bleeding to death.”

“We do this right,” I said. “Would you rather risk Virginia losing one elf or all four of us because we were sloppy?”

Lada snorted. “I just want to fight those cunts. They attacked us with weapons. My girls need to get armed and in the fight.”

“Cursed weapons,” Willow whispered. “Bloodiron. It is quenched in the blood of those who have been murdered. Raatak, Goddess of the Knife, has blessed that iron. It will taint your soul with bloodlust and turn you into a beast.”

“Oh.” Lada swallowed. “Fine, fine, we'll go sneakily. But we can go a little faster.”

I glanced out. The girls were all looking away. We were getting farther from them. I darted to the next tree and looked. I could only see one of them. I listened and then groaned. There were women at the school. I glanced to see the walls. They didn't match up with the land. I wondered if there were some silver trees with golden maple leaves back in our world. 

“Do you think Akane let them get away?” Mrs. Bean asked. “Did that girl fuck up?”

“Maybe,” Mrs. Webb said. “We were prepared to begin a war by coming here. They won't destroy our world. If they get away, all that means is we have a fight on our hands.”

“I can't believe they crawled through the vents and hacked through the wall,” muttered Ms. Ripely. “No respect for school property.”

I frowned and stared at the tree where the elf was. It was right before the gate where the teachers were having their pow-wow. That was bad. I swallowed and then motioned for Lada and Willow to come join me. The teachers weren't looking around, just milling. But they were all mages.

Lada joined me, and I explained the situation to her. She cursed, gripping her ax. Willow's face paled. She grabbed Lada, hugging her like she meant to use her as a shield. It was then that I realized our futa-dryad wasn't the bravest person.

“Okay,” I said. “This isn't ideal, I know that, but we can still do this. We are going to use the tree as cover.” I glanced at Willow. “You're the only one that can get her out?”

She nodded.

“Okay, Lada, you are covering us from here. If you see a teacher, throw your ax at her face.”

Lada gave a vicious grin, eager for the plan. Really, I just didn't want her to make a bunch of noise and get us barbecued by the futa-teacher's spells. That would really, really, really ruin my day. And break a promise to Virginia. This was one promise I meant to keep.

I took Willow's hand. She gave a scared smile. I winked at her and then led her away from Lada. Together, we crept low. Akane's volleyball players were off in the distance. We padded up to the tree, keeping the thick trunk between us and them. Luckily, the thing was like a California redwood. You could hide a car behind it.

A small one. Made by Volkswagen or something.

At the tree, I watched as Willow sank her hands into the silver bark like it was thick water. The bark rippled a bit where her flesh entered. She concentrated, reaching deeper. It looked like she was searching for the futa-elf.

“She is in there, right?” I whispered.

“I pushed her in from the other side of the tree.” Willow reached deeper. “She's in here and still alive. The tree said so.”

I nodded. Sure, why couldn't the tree speak? I watched Lord of the Rings. Treeguy talked really slow and deep and long. Made sense to me. She had her hand sunk up to her shoulders, her tits pressed against the tree.

Nope, those tits were in the tree. Her face slid in as she reached deeper. Then she started pulling back. She strained, her boobs popping out. Her elbows appeared. Then she dragged out the futa-elf. 

Kali had pale skin that glittered, her hair violet. But a natural violet and not dyed. She had those long ears, too. And a futa-cock. She also had mud packed into a wound in her back. I blinked at that. Mud? Why would Willow have packed mud into the wound? Wasn't that dirty. Or did she not know about infection? When did humans figure out germs? Like a hundred years ago?

I grabbed the elf beneath the armpits. “You get her feet. We're going to carry her back to Lada.”

Willow nodded and picked up Kali's feet. The futa-teachers still talking, the two of us carried the dying elf back to Lada. She was heavier than she looked for as slender as she was. I blamed those tits. They were huge. As big as Lada's if not bigger.

“Wow,” Lada said, trying to be quiet but she wasn't. “Okay, I got her.” She thrust the ax at Willow. “Mind holding it.”

The futa-dryad gasped like she had been handed something foul and disgusting, like used toilet paper or something. Lada frowned and pulled the ax back, looking embarrassed. Then it clicked in my mind. Axes were probably something awful to dryads who loved trees.

“Sorry,” said Lada. “Wasn't thinking.”

I took it from her and padded to the next tree. I peered out at the volleyball players. Were they louder? I could see them moving through the trees. I groaned, they were coming back this way. That was bad.

I motioned to Lada.

She had the elf slung over both her shoulders in a fireman carry. She hurried over. I was shocked by how easy she made that look. The busty, blonde cheerleader had gotten some level-ups in the strength department.

“We have a big problem,” I whispered when she got back. “The volleyball team is backtracking. We're going to have to risk moving a bit faster.”

“Finally,” Lada said.

I gave her such a withering look. She was so loud. I glanced at the figures. They were coming closer and closer. I bit my lip. There was no way we wouldn't be detected if we didn't move right now. We had to risk it.

“Stay low, and be quiet,” I said and then darted in a crouch towards the next tree. 

I scurried fast, my pussy clenching down on my cock. It was such a rush as it massaged me. Part of me wanted to enjoy it, but I had to focus. There were bigger problems that I had to deal with. I crouched against the tree, my heart pounding in my veins. 

Lada and Willow reached me a moment later. I listened to the volleyball players. They were getting closer and closer. They were moving fast. This was bad. So very, very bad. I darted for the next tree, moving towards them and the path that led down the hill.

“They had to have gone down the ravine,” drifted through the air as I crouched here.

That was very, very bad. We were almost back to the top of the trail leading into the ravine. At the pace the volleyball girls were moving, they would see Lada as she rushed down the hill. They would charge after it. It would be all over then.

I darted for the last spot of cover, the other two following me. We crouched behind the wide silver-barked tree. Where could we hid and let them pass? But, no, they would find us. There was no good brush that Lada could hide.

“Okay,” I said. “We need a diversion.”

“What?” whimpered Willow.

“Okay, you two take Kali. I'll charge them.” Lada flashed me a grin. “I'll take them down.”

I rolled my eyes. “You and willow rush down the hill right now. I can get away from them. I'll lead them on a merry chase and double back. Okay. I'm the rogue. You're the fighter. You have to go protect my sister.”

“She won't be happy if you don't come back with me,” Lada muttered.

“She won't be happy if Kali dies, either.” I grinned. “Just tell my twin that I keep my promises.” I gave Lada a quick kiss and then squeezed her ass. “Go, right now. Move fast but crouch low.”

“Okay. You better come back. If I have to come and find you, I won't be happy.”

I winked at her.

She hurried down the trail. Willow glanced at me and gave me a quick kiss before she hurried after. I winced at all the noise Lada made. She was kicking pebbles down before her. The volleyball girls were almost here. I had to get them to chase me.

I burst out and threw the ax at Akane who was at the lead. It flew through the air. She gaped and dove out of the way. I burst into a run, heading away from the trail. My legs stretched out into a sprint. I jumped over a log.

The twang of crossbows erupted. I ducked low and dove over a holly bush. The bolts slashed into the plant, ripping off branches. Spiky leaves fluttered to the ground. The bolts careened off-target, striking around me. 

“Fuck, fuck, fuck,” I gasped and scrambled up.

“GET THAT BITCH!” screamed Akane. “I want her gutted! GUTTED! I want to bathe in her fucking blood!”

The volleyball team crashed through the brush after me, the sounds of their crossbows cranking back. I groaned. I was so dead. They were going to feather me with bolts. I was too young and cute to die without at least participating in an orgy.

The crossbows fired again. I dove behind a tree and ran towards an outcropping of rocks. I must be over the cave. Right now, Virginia was beneath me probably scared out of her wits. I climbed up the rocks, moving as fast as I could.

“Feather that bitch!”

TWANG! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lada Volkov

I had to give it to Saffron. She had big girly balls. Akane sounded pissed. I had never heard that girl angry in my life, and now she was out for blood. A shiver ran through me. Did she know that she was holding weapons clenched in the blood of murder victims?

That it would fill her with some sort of berserker rage? God, they thought they were the good guys, didn't they? That they were saving the world from the 'Dark One' and not realizing they served three evil goddesses and the Demon Lord. Whether Ella was just as much a dupe, I had no idea.

I felt a little bad for them. A little.

I reached the bottom of the hill and ran for the illusionary wall. I jumped through it, carrying Kali over my shoulders. Ocean and Ejiro were there, nodding to me. Then Willow came through, panting. I kept jogging down the tunnel.

“Where's Saffron?” asked Ocean.

“Just keep watch,” I called back.

“Lada!” Virginia appeared. “You have Kali. Oh, thank god. She looks bad. She's so pale. Come on, bring her here. Aria, you're up.” Then my queen paused and looked at us. “Where's Saffron?”

“Your sister is playing tag with the volleyball team,” I answered, wincing. “She had to create a distraction so we could get Kali down here before she bled to death.”

Virginia swallowed. “No, no, she was supposed to come back with you. You were supposed to watch out for her.” She grabbed my shoulders. “How could you let her do that.”

“Because she's an amazing thief that can get away from them,” I said. “There was too many of them for me to fight. This was the best chance for the most members of your harem to make it back. And she will make it back. Saffron will lose them. Okay.”

“But...” Virginia swayed. She glanced at the entrance, her face so pale. She hugged herself, her breasts rising and falling. 

I set down Kali. Aria rushed over, her beaded braids clacking and smacking together. I turned to Virginia and pulled her to me. She didn't resist and pressed her into my breasts. I hugged her there and whispered, “She's coming back. Your sister is awesome. You'll see.”

Virginia hugged me, her arms going around my body. She squeezed me tight. “I know she is. I just... I almost lost her once today. And now she's out there alone.”

“She's meant to be alone.” I stroked Virginia's fall of blonde hair spilling down her back. “That's why she doesn't have a cadre. If she was, she'd be part of some club that would have all been turned into futas now. Operating alone is her role. Trust that.”

“It's hard.” 

“I know.” I kissed her forehead. “I know it's hard. But you'll see. She'll come back to you.”

“Natsi, Goddess of the Breasts, Mistress of Healing, I beseech thee!” chanted Aria. She had a sing-like quality to her voice. “From the breast comes the milk of life, the first meal of a baby. Whole and unblemished, let Kali's flesh remember that state and be mended!”

I glanced at the elf. Some of the mud packed into her wound pushed back out. Aria dug out more. Blood spilled fresh from the wound. She studied it and then started praying again. This time, Tamera and Pita joined her, the three of them speaking the words in unison. 

The wound slowly began to close as they chanted. They repeated it over and over, sending more and more healing energy into the wound. Bit by bit, the elf's breathing grew stronger. Then the last of the dirt was pushed out and the injury closed. Not a scratch was left.

“Look, Kali's fine,” I said. “She's going to be okay. And so will Saffron. She told me that she wasn't breaking her promise to you.”

Virginia lifted her face from between my tits. “You mean that? She said she wasn't breaking her promise to me?” 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Saffron Homewood

“Such persistent cunts,” I hissed as I slipped into the crevice of the rock.

They had caught up to me way, way, way faster than I thought was possible. I pushed back into the shadows, the stone slipping over my naked body. My small breasts were such a boon in these tight confines. If I had even C cups like my twin...

“She's got to be around her somewhere,” Akane said. “We saw her jump down here. She couldn't have gotten out.”

Akane appeared before the crack, wearing her school uniform with a heavy sword belt over it. The tartan skirt fluttered around her legs. She held her crossbow in hand. She glanced behind her at the crack, studying it.

Christ, could she see me?

She looked away a moment later. “Where did she go? I want these rocks searched.”

I moved back further, my heart hammering in my chest. It was growing dark. I just had to hold up in here until they got bored. I bet my sister was sobbing in Lada's arms right now. And Lada would be telling her that I'd promised to be back. Those words would give my sister hope.

I could almost hear her asking Lada if I truly had meant it. I truly was coming back to her. She must be freaking out. I squeezed back further and felt wind rushing down my face. I glanced up to see the sky through the crack, a bit of sunlight reaching down at me, the air flowing down it. 

I chuckled. Could I climb up that? 

I shifted my step and felt a crevice behind me. My heel was off the edge. I studied that crack above me. I bet that would get me above them. I wanted to get back to the others. I bet they were making some food. Just laughing and giggling. Having an orgy without me. 

They would have an orgy without me. I could hear them moaning and gasping and cumming without me. That was really rude of them. I should just masturbate myself right here and now to spite them. That would show them.

I thrust my cock into my pussy. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Virginia Homewood

“She'll probably sleep for a while,” Aria said as she rose from Kali's side. My priestess-wife flashed me a smile. “And Saffron's going to be fine, Lady Virginia.”

“She's too much of a pain in the ass to kill,” said Lada.

“I'm with those two, Virginia,” Brígida said. She stood before me. She pushed up her glasses. She'll be slipping through the illusion over the front of the cave laughing in no time. She'll pretend it's no big deal.”

I sighed, but the worry was still knotted about my stomach. “You're right.” I glanced at the tunnel leading off to the entrance.” She'll probably just walk right up to me and be like, 'Hey, Virginia, I'm back. Mind if I fuck you in the ass. I'm super horny from playing tag with the psychopaths from the volleyball team.'” 

Just then, hands grabbed my hips and a dick soaked in pussy cream pressed into my butt-crack. Right against my asshole. I gasped at the sudden assault of a girl-cock nuzzling into my sphincter. The futa thrust, my anal ring widening to swallow her cock.

“That is something I would say,” Saffron said right behind me. The futa-dick rammed to the hilt in my asshole. “God, I'm super horny from playing tag with the psychopaths from the volleyball team.”

“S-Saffron!” I gasped, my asshole clenching down on her dick.

“Sup, Virginia,” she said, her hands sliding up to cup my round breasts, her titties rubbing into my back. “Mmm, your asshole is just what I need. Sister ass is the best ass.”

“How did you get in here without going through the illusion?” gasped Brígida. 

“And how did you get past my girls and then get behind us!” gasped Lada. “We're blind!”

“Did you know this rock outcropping is riddled with little crevices and cracks?” She drew back her cock, her dick massaging my asshole. “And if you're flexible and petite like me, you can squeeze down them and get here.”

She thrust into my asshole. I groaned as she did that. Her finger dug into my boobs. I groaned, my bowels clenching down on her girl-cock. My dick twitched before me while the friction blazing in my anal sheath melted down to my pussy. My ovaries drank it in.

“I heard you all talking down here while hiding in one and realized I could get down to you.” She pumped away at me. “Then you are all not noticing me, so I decided to say, 'Sup!' And fuck you in the ass. God, did I tell you I was super horny?”

“I think you did,” I moaned, my girl-cock throbbing and twitching. I shuddered as she buried into me. 

I was so happy she was back. My bowels clenched on her. My other wives were around me. Even Willow, who was kneeling by Kali, had a big smile on her face. The rest of the harem was grinning or sucking on a futa-dick or making dinner.

Aria smiled at me, this beatific grin that belonged on a saint, and then fell to her knees before me. She opened her mouth wide and sucked my dick into her mouth. I shuddered as she did that. She nursed with such passion on me. Her cheeks hollowed as she suckled.

I shuddered, my bowels clenching down on that big dick thrusting into me as the hot, Black futa nursed on me. Her beaded braids clacked and clattered together as she worked her mouth up and down my cock.

My pussy drank in all these wonderful sensations. I groaned as the delight of having my dick blown and my ass fucked swirled through my cunt. My ovaries drank it all in, the pressure growing and growing.

“Oh, my god, I love you all,” I moaned. “Thank you for coming! Thank you for saving Kali. Oh, yes, yes, thank you all for loving me!”

“Thank you for making me into an awesome futa-mage,” Brígida said. “And whisking me off to another world. Oh, it's wonderful.”

“Enjoy, cutie,” Lada said, winking a blue eye at me. Then she grabbed Brígida and kissed her.

The Hispanic futa and blonde cheerleader melted together, their lips working. Lada's big boobs pillowed into Brígida's chest. They were both sexy to watch. I loved the sight of them as they kissed each other. Their tongues dance together. That was hot to watch. My heart pounded in delight for them as they kissed with such obvious passion.

Then they sank to the floor, their lips dancing together with such fun. I loved what I was seeing. It was fantastic. My dick throbbed in Aria's mouth as Lada mounted Brígida. Then she thrust. Brígida moaned, penetrated by the cheerleader.

“Oh, you two are so sexy together,” I groaned, my sister pumping away at my bowels. “Aren't they, Saffron.”

“Mmm,” my twin purred. “Yeah. Sexy. Like your boobs.” 

She dug her fingers into them. I shuddered, loving the feeling of her playing with them as my orgasm built and built. I hurtled towards this amazing moment. I would have such a mighty burst of rapture. I would cum so hard. I t would be fantastic. I squeezed my asshole around her dick as she slammed into me.

She buried deep and hard. She plunged to the hilt in me. I groaned, loving what she did to me with that big shaft of hers. Her clit-dick slammed over and over into me. Aria suckled on my cock, nursing at it. She swelled the pressure at the tip.

That erupting pressure would have me exploding. I groaned, my pussy clenching. I shuddered, hurtling towards it. My sister pounded my bowels. My asshole loved what she did to me. I trembled, my heart pounding fast.

“Oh, my god,” I moaned. “Aria, you're going to get such a big mouthful of cum.”

She moaned around my dick and bobbed her head faster. Her beaded braids clattered louder.

“And that means, your asshole is going to go wild around my futa-dick,” Saffron moaned. My twin sister pinched both my nipples.

“Yes!” I howled as the delight shot from my nubs to my pussy. It raced to my ovaries and to the tip of my cock. “I love you all!”

I came.

My futa-cock unloaded in Aria's mouth. I pumped load after load of my cum into her mouth. I groaned, my entire body swaying from the bliss that was sweeping through me. My pussy convulsed, adding rapture to the ecstasy. My asshole spasmed around my twin sister's thrusting dick. 

“Yes, yes, yes!” I gasped as Saffron hammered my spasming asshole. “Oh, that's so good. That's wonderful. Oh, I love you all. I love you all so much!”

Aria gulped down my cum while Saffron slammed to the hilt in me. She gasped out, “Fuck, yes!”

My sister's incestuous cum fired into my bowels. Spurt after spurt of her jizz flooded me. My asshole convulsed harder around her, wringing out her cock. It was so wonderful to feel her cum firing into me as I basted Aria's mouth. Stars burst across my vision. 

I swayed, a big smile spreading on my lips as I fired more and more of my cum into Aria's mouth. My sister returned the favor by pumping my asshole full of her futa-cum. I quivered through my bliss, my pussy spilling juices down my thighs. I hit my peak.

“Oh, that's so good,” I groaned, firing the last of my cum into Aria's mouth. “Mmm, this is going to work. I can just feel it.”

“Yes, it is,” Saffron moaned as she fired the last of her cum into my bowels. 

Aria slid her mouth off my dick. She rose and then threw her arms around my neck. Her round, ebony breasts pressed into my ivory tits. Her lips met mine. She kissed me and thrust her cum-coated tongue into my mouth.

“Mmm, that was great,” Saffron said, pulling her dick out of my asshole. “Ooh, I am eager for my first futa-orgy. Let's do it!”

Cheers burst from the other girls. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lada Volkov

I kissed Brígida with hunger as we sank to the floor of the cave. Virginia was moaning as Saffron ass-fucked her and Aria blew her. They were having their fun. It was my turn to have some fun with Brígida. We had been talking about a lot of things, but I had been missing out.

My big boobs rubbed into her small breasts. Our nipples kissed as our futa-dicks throbbed together. It was hot kissing the Hispanic futa. Her tongue danced with mine. I shifted my hips, drawing my cock down her shaft to find her pussy.

Her pubic hairs tickled my tip as I nuzzled into her folds. I felt her entrance and thrust.

We both moaned as I buried into her pussy. Her cunt squeezed about me while her girl-cock throbbed between our bodies. That was hot to feel. I loved it. I groaned, pumping away at her with my clit-dick.

She broke the kiss, her eyes smoldering behind her glasses. “Mmm, that's hot. Ooh, yes, yes, that's real hot. I love your cock in me, Lada”

“And I love your pussy around my big futa-dick,” I groaned, thrusting away into her. “Yes, yes, you got yourself a tight and juicy cunt.”

“Only the best for Virginia.”

I grinned. “Mmm, our queen definitely deserves the best pussy and dicks and asses. We got all the hottest girls, don't we? My cheerleaders, Aria's home ec club, and your chess club... Damn, we got a bunch of hotties on our side.”

Brígida giggled, her pussy clenching around my dick. “Yes, we do. And we're the good guys, so we're totally going to win.”

A shiver ran through me for a moment. The way Akane had screamed in the woods was not like her. She was a sweet girl, and she wanted Saffron's blood. Those weapons were evil things, and they were all corrupted by them.

Permanently?

Lada had no idea.

“You're not thrusting,” Brígida moaned, her futa-cock throbbing between our stomachs. “Saffron's thrusting and Aria's sucking.”

“So true,” I purred and drew back my hips, that hot sheath clinging to my cock.

I groaned as I thrust back into  Brígida's cunt. I buried to the hilt in her. I shuddered, savoring the heat of her clenching about me. It was amazing. I shuddered, savoring the way her pussy clenched about me. I loved it. Her twat was incredible. She squeezed about me in such a delightful way. It was amazing.

I kissed her. I thrust my tongue into her mouth, my tongue dancing with hers. She whimpered, squeezing her pussy down on me as I pumped away with my cock. Her clit-dick throbbed against my belly, precum leaking out to stain my flesh.

Every thrust into the heaven of her cunt sent such delight racing through me. I loved every moment of it. My cunt clenched beneath the delight of it. I slammed into her snatch. I buried to the hilt in her again and again.

I broke the kiss and moaned, “Yes, yes, yes, that's hot.”

“Ooh, it is,” purred Brígida. “I'm going to erupt. Just cum on our boobs.”

“My boobs.” I grinned at her, my large tits pilling into her small mounds. “You don't have any.”

“Watch it, I can do wicked things to you with magic.”

I winked at her. “I can do wicked things to you without magic.”

I slammed hard into her cunt. She gasped, her pussy clenching about me. She felt incredible around me. I loved the way she gripped me. It was fantastic. I savored every moment of it. I loved every second of this passion. Her pussy squeezed around my dick. 

She gasped her delight, her nipples brushing mine. The pleasure shot down to my cock. It was fantastic to feel her flesh around me. My snatch grew hotter and hotter. My ovaries brimmed with all the cum I would fire into her snatch.

I would baste her with everything that I had.

“Yes, yes, yes,” I groaned, plowing hard into her. 

“God, you do wicked things to me, Lada!” The Hispanic hottie shuddered beneath me. “Just keep thrusting that big futa-dick into me. Oh, god, don't stop!”

I winked at her and thrust to the hilt in her cunt. I buried deep and hard into her snatch. Her pussy clung to me. She moaned, her snatch gripping me with such passion. She trembled beneath me as I plunged away at her. I groaned, savoring the heat of her twat around my dick.

I winked at her and kept thrusting. I loved how she held me tight. Her silky pussy was wonderful. Just a delight for me to enjoy. I hurtled closer and closer to cumming. I was nearing that wonderful moment of delight.

“Ooh, I am eager for my first futa-orgy!” Saffron cried in the background. “Let's do it!” 

The squeals of the other girls echoed around us. I smiled down at Brígida, loving all the sounds and gasps and moans of delight. This was such a thrill. I slammed my cock hard into Brígida's pussy. I lifted myself on my elbows, my boobs half-dangling down on her as I plowed into her.

My nipples slid off her mounds, brushing her nubs over and over again. My cunt clenched, the heat spilling through me. I groaned, my toes curling. This was the best delight in the world. I would have such a huge burst of pleasure.

I would explode with such passion. I couldn't wait for it all to come firing out of me. I winked down at her, burying into her cunt with such wild rapture. She groaned, her pussy squeezing about me. It was so incredible to feel her clenching about me. I loved it. I loved every second of it. I pumped away at her with all my might.

“Yes, yes, yes!” I gasped. “Oh, my god, I'm going to explode in you.”

“Do it!” Brígida moaned, her twat clamping down hard. “Because, Mamacita, I'm about to blow!”

I buried into her and erupted just as her pussy spasmed around my futa-dick.

We came together. Our cunts writhed and spasmed. Her flesh suckled at my spurting clit-cock while her girl-dick fired jizz that basted my tits. I kissed her as we writhed together. Such wonderful pleasure shot through me. It was fantastic.

Stars burst across my vision as I made out with Brígida. I kissed her with such passion as she milked all the cum out of my dick. I groaned as I soaked her with everything that I had. It was incredible to empty in her.

Those dual delights were so incredible. Rapture from my cunt and ecstasy from my cock. I loved being a futa-cheerleader. The Futa-Captain of Queen Virginia's Guard! 

The passion died down. We kissed, our jizz-coated tits rubbing together as the orgy raged around us. I shuddered, feeling so relaxed and happy right now. The harem was all together for the first time. It was time to have fun.

I broke the kiss with Brígida. “Ready to get wild?”

She smiled. “Tonight we feast and frolic for tomorrow we die or something?”

“Or something,” I said. “I don't plan on dying. I plan on finding a certain dark-elf and fucking the shit out of her. I mean, just pounding that bitch so hard until she can't ever sit down because her cunt's been utterly ruined by my cock.”

“I believe you will,” Brígida said. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kalirisia

I drifted through darkness. The pain was gone, but I was still lost in it. That dark-elf bitch got the drop on me. She had stabbed me in the back before I even knew she was there. I had been so caught up by that strange place appearing.

The Beginning of the End had arrived. I had to lead Virginia, the Futa-Heroine, to bathe in the Spring of Maidenly Oozes. It was my destiny. I had known it since I was a babe suckling at my mothers' breasts. I had grown up knowing that I would have this destiny.

I couldn't die. I had to get back in the fight.

My futa-dick twitched. I groaned, feeling a powerful suction drawing me in one direction. I stumbled after it. I could feel this amazing force drawing me on. My pussy clenched from the intensity of it. This was amazing. Just outstanding. 

I rushed towards that suction. I hurried, my heart beating so fast. The world grew lighter and lighter. The black turned to gray. My big boobs bounced as that powerful suction on my cock almost dragged me along.

The ache grew at the tip of my girl-dick. That powerful burst of pleasure that would erupt from me. Sounds echoed. I could hear cries ringing out. Lady Virginia needed me. I rushed faster and faster, almost dancing across the darkness.

I was surrounded by grays that bled into whites. I was so close. The pressure was so intense.

Warm. Wet. Exciting.

My ovaries quivered with a big load of cum. The shouts were louder. They were full of such passion. They rang around me. My boobs heaved as I hurtled towards the source of the light. It shone, a sun dawning upon me.

I threw myself into it, embracing that sucking.

“Yes!” I cried out and opened my eyes.

My futa-dick erupted. Hot cum spurted out of my cock and into a mouth. I gasped, sitting up to see Willow nursing on my dick. Moans echoed around me. I looked around to see futa-humans in every direction. They were fucking and writhing and loving each other.

And there was Lady Virginia. She stared down at me and smiled. Her futa-dick throbbed before her as I dumped my cum into Willow's mouth. I quivered as I stared into her blue eyes. She was here. And she had brought an army of futa.

Hope burst inside of me. The Demon Lord would not prevail against us.

To be continued...
