Baby Sister
by SZENSEI
Copyright© 2022 by SZENSEI

Episode 8: BOO COCKY

Tyson Barnett utilized a distraction offered by his baby brother Wiley in talking to their adorably naive baby sister Maria Blanco. Using this advantage, he found time to send texts back to the stableman boss Clint Barlow about what to expect from Maria once they returned. This gave Clint time to prepare the others in their twisted play date. The brothers were intent on exposing tiny sixteen-year-old Maria to man’s world without her even suspecting she was being used. Isolated all of her life at her mother Esperanza’s discretion to protect her baby the delightful child had zero knowledge of not just sex, but the greed of male dominance. The exact thing her mother tried her hardest to prevent. Esperanza Blanco was perfect in her choices up until her own greed in marrying billionaire Oscar Barnett clouded her judgment. Her mistake would cost her baby her innocence. Strangely, Maria was enjoying herself at their mischief.

The Barnett’s only rule was not too rough, not too pushy. He explained their White Devil pandemic so that even they could act out their frustrations, including her new hugging style. Tyson wanted to see just how Maria would react under so many guys complaining at once. Clint’s response was a hearty laugh and another “Hiyo, Silver.” as he had said earlier. Even Tyson had to contain his laugh. Looking over at Maria he could tell she was in a good mood. Believing every word, the Barnett’s breathed only added to her experiences, as long as she was having fun the game would remain alive.

Forty minutes of dusty travels later the trio of horseback riders reached the stable and were greeted by Loomis Vaughn and Paco Ruiz, having kept a watchful eye on their return. Swaying in her saddle Maria rocked back and forth nervously. With each forward movement her pussy brushed the leather beneath her straddling thighs exciting her as much as the heat stuck her flesh to the seat. Tyson noticed her wiggling in the saddle and motioned Wiley to observe her. In her nervousness she was turning herself on even more. A shared pucker between brothers they read into her upcoming meet and greet.

“Hurry Betsy.” She wanted her horse to go faster.

“Hey! Relax there, Ginger Rogers. Don’t provoke Betsy.” Tyson warned her on the way down the hill.

“My name is not Ginger. I’m just in a hurry.”

“Gotta pee?” Wiley wondered.

“Yes. But I want hugs too.”

“Can you hold it?” Tyson asked.

“Yes.”

“Don’t you pee on these guys.” Wiley laughed, “Well Billy you can. He’s a lil’ prick.”

“I don’t want to pee on anyone. I can hold it until we get back to the house.”

Convinced that she was certain, the horses reached the stable entrance, and the brothers were first to climb down. Paco again took Cortez and Buckshot back to their stalls where fresh food and water awaited them. He would remove their saddles and begin brushing them down. He of all of the stable boys had no interest in their games. Not that he didn’t find Maria adorable in her almost childlike persona. Her body and behavior would entice fantasies in any man in his right mind, wrong reasons.

Clint met up with Maria and her horse Betsy, taking the reins from Maria. Patting Betsy’s neck to relax her Clint passed the rein to Miguel and they waited there to see her enthusiasm rising up. “You have a nice ride, Miss Maria?”

“Yesssss! It was fun. I even had swimming lessons and swung on a tire.”

“Sounds like a good time was had by all.”

“She saved our ass Clint.” Wiley smirked, “I won’t go into detail but it’s that daily dose of severe cramps of the manhood if you know what I mean.”

“Oh, hell! I know how that is. It usually hits me about this time of day too. Fuckin’ White Devil. Sorry for my language Maria, let me help you down.” Clint raised his arms up for her. Taking her boots out of the stirrups she clenched her teeth with a whimper. “You okay Sweetheart?”

“My calves are raw.”

“She’s not used to wearing man boots.” Wiley grinned. “You can take those boots off Maria.”

“I can?”

“Sure, you can Little Darlin’.” Clint shared concern helping her once she cast her right leg over her saddle to sit there with her legs dangling. As Clint slowly removed her boots, then her socks she wiggles her toes to regain circulation. Her cute painted toenails were bright pink like her pussy. Yes, Clint noticed the similarity, his eyes stared up directly at her as her legs outstretched dramatically. Sitting her boots on the dirt floor of the stable he stood back up and even offered to massage her feet and raw calves. She let him, finding comfort in his warm attentions. “Y’know? You runnin’ barefoot in the stables isn’t a good thing. Lord knows what you might step on and get these adorable lil’ feet dirty, or even worse cut.” She fidgeted not wanting to put her boots back on.

“Do I have to put my boots on?”

“Naaaa! I can carry you. Me and the boys can take turns on you.” How he phrased things went flying right over her head.

“I want a hug.” She couldn’t wait to get down, going so far as to plant her feet on both of his shoulders in preparation to be helped from her saddle. Passing his hat to Miguel briefly, Clint stepped closer and let her slide her legs down over his back. Her cute pink pussy mashed right over his face. Inhaling her scent, he captured stagnant lake water but didn’t let it dissuade him in the least. Burying his tongue inside her she yelped and hugged his scalp just as the Barnett’s had shown her. Being licked was becoming an obsessive trait in little Maria Blanco. “Hug me tighter.” She increased her grip on the back of his head, her 34B’s agitating his hair. Although his scruffy beard tickled, she didn’t complain, his tongue took the sensations in a much better direction. Her still a virgin he knew he couldn’t go digging too deep, so he simply circled her rim and nibbled at her clitoris. Maria looked at her brothers with an expression of yearn. “I think I like hugging.”

All around Clint the others stood trying hard to contain their amusement at her stupidity. Crowding closer George and Billy wanted in. “We’ve missed you, Maria.” George told her tickling her feet as they clung to Clint’s spine. Giggling at her ticklish nature she told him to stop, or she might pee. The temptation was there knowing Clint had his face buried directly where her urinary discharge could catch him by surprise. Clint read his friends mind and walked away with her in tow. Of course, they followed his every move. Little Miss Maria was just too alluring to let get away.

“Don’t hog all the hugs Old Man.” Billy followed his leader patting Clint’s back, while George wiggled her toes with a deep desire to suck on them. George Lawson had a foot fetish. Before he could sample them, Clint reared his wet mouth away from her twat and ventured to tilt his head back. In her held hug to his scalp her nipples slid right across his face.

“Now that’s the best hug I’ve ever gotten. Thank you, Maria.”

“I will always hug you as good as this.”

“That’s what a real woman should say.”

“It is? Yay! I’m getting closer.” She leered back at the Barnett’s beaming with pride.

“Where’s my hug?” Billy tickled her ribs chuckling. Hearing her giggle and tense up defensively Clint carefully passed her off to Billy. Straddling his face Billy stormed her pussy and licked it with a deeper hunger than Clint had. Youth spoke volume. Awestruck, she dropped her jaw and tilted her head back to share a gaze with Wiley and Tyson.

“I love hugging.” She whimpered as Tyson and Wiley ease closer to join in rubbing her back softly, Wiley stroking her hair.

“Best part of each day, isn’t it?” Tyson whispered into her ear. “Don’t you ever forget how this is a show of respect as much as your adoration.”

“She’s got the right idea, Brother. Maria’s not dumb.” Like a box of boulders Tyson rolled his eyes trying hard not to chuckle. Noting Maria smiling brightly at being complimented for her intelligence Tyson just squeezed her shoulders tightly. “Yup! She’s one smart cookie.”

“Yes, I am.” She sighed then whispered, “I guess they decided they wanted to lick me.” Hearing her Billy mumbled his agreement with a mouthful of sloppy cunt.

“Hurry it up Billy, I wanna hug too.” George spoke toying with her toes. Grumbling at having to give up too soon Billy caved and sent her into George’s clutches. Sharing saliva amongst men didn’t seem to be a problem, George dug in just as viciously as Billy had, taking brief moments to gnaw at her clit. Yelping faintly, she clung to him with diligence, her hips even lifting some to press her pussy closer to his mouth. Maria Blanco was feeling really good.

With Loomis and Miguel returning from putting Betsy away they smothered around her. Taking time to just observe and chat quietly with the Barnett’s it seemed as if nothing was amiss. Suggestions arose as Clint told Tyson they had set up their poker table, which was just a large wooden cable spool, and some cut tree stumps as seats.

“Maria?” Clint interrupted her pleasure caressing her back lovingly, “We boys talked and it’d be our honor to lick you properly. Let’s make you comfy, okay?”

“Uh huh!” She nodded feverishly as George wagged deep inside her. Her reply almost sounded eager. Of course, it was.

“Hand her off George.” Clint claimed her in his arms. Disappointed by being taken from her hug she pouted but let the elder take her into a vacant horse stall that was cleaner than the outside. Seeing a round table with some bedrolls padding it she found herself being laid over them. They were comfortable all mounded for thickness. Taking seats George, Billy, Loomis, Miguel, and finally Clint surrounded her as she sat up on her hands exploring their expressions. The Barnett’s kept their distance leaning on the stall gate waving at her. She waved back giddily.

“This is a little new for all of us, mostly me and Loomis there.” Clint informed her, “The younguns get out more than we do.” Clint and Loomis were both married but she hadn’t even noticed their wedding bands. In the heat of her necessity, she probably wouldn’t have cared. “I gave you a good hug and tried out my tongue, how did I do?”

“I liked it.” She blushed with a beguiling hint of horniness. “I think you need practice.” As if she didn’t!

“I did, okay?”

“Yes.”

“Good deal. I’ll try it again here in a few. Let’s let Loomis there give it a shot.”

Loomis in his seat to her left reached over and grabbed her left knee and slid her around on the padding to face him. Tugging her hips closer to the edge of the table he pried her thighs wider to examine his delectable target. “Maria, you have one fine lil’ pussy.”

“I do?” She smiled, eyes flaring at his praise. Convinced by his brewing appetite she agreed, “I DO.” Everyone chuckled.

“At least she knows how sexy she is.” Clint twisted in step to tell Wiley and Tyson.

“Sexiest kid in Texas.” Billy beat the Barnett’s reply. “I could lick that pussy for hours.”

“You could?” She drooped her chin at the thought. “Can I try that?” Maria looked to Tyson and Wiley for consideration. “Will it make me a woman faster?”

“I say save Billy’s offer for another day.” Tyson informed his decision, “You’re gonna get an hour as it is between all those fellas. Take what we have time for.”

“Okay Tyson. LICK ME!” She begged Loomis, her knees fanning beneath his grasp.

“Fair enough, I’m going in Pumpkin Patch.” Loomis removed his hat and dug in tongue lapping lightly over and over her clitoris. She watched him from her upper body raise, Loomis winking at her as his tongue molded around her. She found it fun to watch his movements, fingers easing up into her a bit without going too deep and risk ruining their fun. The implement of fingertips was just enough to send her upper body back down to the bedrolls. Unable to contain themselves George and Billy stood up and leaned over Maria and devoured her nipples. Squealing at their added attention she couldn’t resist moaning. Lashes batting at the reaction her flesh was having to their mouths nibbling and licking her areolas, nipples being tugged between lips sent her mind into nothing but emotional response. Miguel even got into it licking her belly button for a ticklish quake of limbs.

“Baby Sister likes this.” Wiley grinned to his brother.

“Wait until the Barnett’s tag team her like this. We’re fucking her that night.”

“Lookin’ forward to that. I’m thinkin’ Sis is gonna get nice and hooked on sex.”

“No doubt. Listen to her moan. So beautiful.”

“She sounds ten.”

“Don’t go down that route. Sixteen is young enough as it is.” Wiley chuckled. “Shit! Do we really know how old she is?”

“Matty looked up her birth certificate. She’s definitely 16.”

“Whew! Never know her being from friggin’ Colombia. Down there you can’t tell me medical records are kept long.”

“Esperanza has class. I’m pretty certain she had all that under control.”

While the Barnett Boys discussed their concerns Maria was quickly finding herself heading into early orgasm. The stable hands were now licking every inch of her body, even her armpits, Miguel was having a heyday at her ticklishness. George rediscovered her toes and began licking and sucking on them. It was a war of giggling just to keep them in his mouth. Clint standing behind Maria’s head shared his tented jeans with her gaze as her head hung over the edge of the table. Seeing his erection hiding out she gasped and murmured, “Are you hurting?”

“I’ll be fine Kitten.” He rubbed his crotch gritting his teeth, “Damn White Devil.” He recalled Tyson’s advisory text and got things started. “How you feelin’ Sweetheart?”

“Really good.” She winced with an exhausted whimper. He knew she was resisting that orgasm but caressed her cheek to be supportive. Her hand outraised toward him he let his crotch brush over her fingers. She noted her nails touching his jeans and pouted. “I hope you will be alright. I know how terrible that white stuff is on men. Big ole’ Meany! It makes my brothers hurt all the time.”

“I bet they do. It’s hell on us fellas. You just lay there and enjoy yourself, don’t fret over me.” He looks up briefly at Miguel who boasted his own hard on. Taking his cue Miguel snarled loudly and gripped his crotch expressing a fierce pain.

“Duele.”

Tilting her head to see Miguel she whimpers, “Nooo! Now Miguel is hurting. Do I cause this?”

“Just being near a girl does this to a man.” Clint shudders, “We just live with it Sweetheart.”

Just as fast Billy rears erect from feasting upon her nipple, he too grabbing his concealed dick, “Mother fuck it hurts.”

“Noooo!” She reacts with empathy. “Billy is in pain also.” She was haunted by so much going on around her that she could not comprehend how best to help everyone. As Miguel and Billy act out fighting their White Devil moments, they began pulling their pants down in favor of gripping their dicks, stroking hard for Maria to bear witness too. Shivering at the chaos of unstable stable boys she almost wanted to cry. Between their actions and Loomis eating her pussy she was torn between her own self-gratification or helping the men in need. Jaw tiring Loomis pulled his drenched lips away from her thighs and began his own Oscar Meyer winning performance. Standing up quickly he held his abdomen as if ill and started his own barn dance, eventually opening his barn door and letting his trick pony out for air. At a meager six inches he was still formidable.

Missing his tongue Maria pouted and kicked her free foot on the table feeling cheated of her brewing orgasm, her pussy was on fire as it was. Seeing her reaction George released her toes from his lips and took on the vacancy of Loomis in eating her out. Maria smiled vividly at her new courtship. Heaven was right back on track.

With a symphony of agonizing snarls, her exploring eyes located Billy and Miguel, then tipping her head back to witness Clint beating off right behind her scalp. Hugging the tables edge she could literally feel his crown in her hair. Miguel noting her temptation to reach over and grab Clint in her quest to ease at least one of them jumped next to Clint and planted his dick just as near as his crew boss.

Tilting her profile slightly she captured his arrival. The horrific grunts of pain consumed her into giving up her own pleasurable expectations. Wiggling away from George he backed off to witness what she was attempting to do. Uncertain how best to help Clint and Miguel, Maria rolled over on to her stomach and repositioned on her knees to grip both Clint and Miguel’s cocks as she had done to her brothers by the lake, almost wanting to show off what Tyson and Wiley had taught her. The problem was she didn’t really have enough height from elbow to hand to be effective. Even as she struggled the men removed their hands to let her work.

George fidgeting at his loss eyed her trickling clam and cute little butt pucker poised high in her upper body slump. Picturing himself taking her doggystyle in that moment he frowned knowing he could not take her virginity without creating an argument with the Barnett’s. Licking his lips George chose the better part of valor and just leaned over the table enough to start licking her butt pucker. Feeling his tongue, she gasped and shared her amazement by peering over her brow at Clint and Miguel. They knew she loved her new torment.

Thoughts on Clint and Miguel, Maria realized the size and shape differences they had compared to all of the Barnett boys. They were much shorter in stock, Clint at seven was the closest, but his dick appeared different, mainly because he had never been circumcised. Overlooking it she still did her best. Miguel on the other hand, literally, was only sitting at six inches and narrow in girth. She was so far used to monsters with fist sized mushrooms that took two of her hands to be helpful. The Barnett’s were a special breed compared to these men. Longhorns indeed.

Billy moved to her right side and began jerking off, edging closer to Miguel but not hip to hip like Miguel was with Clint. Three dicks in sight Maria whimpered at how she could possibly help them all knowing it required more hands than she had. Eyes rolled back at her own thrill ride, induced through George’s tongue now licking her cunt up to her pucker in long swathes. It was incredible. Even his fingers were under her clit teasing it. She wanted to burst but her divided attentions kept her wishes from occurring.

Billy motioned to George to stop and let Maria suffer losing out again to torture her hormones. They had discussed it prior to her return from the ride to get her close to climax multiple times but stop cold and do the White Devil dance. Evil bastards all. Pulling away from her George too howled at his feigned agony. Eyes returning to normal Maria nearly screamed out of frustration. Glancing over at Tyson and Wiley she whined, “Brothers? How do I help them all?”

Tyson took the lead and made the journey to her left. Caressing her cheek, he removed her hands from Clint and Miguel without making contact man to man. The second her hands left Clint and Miguel increased their shouts of trauma at her loss. It spooked her even as Tyson rolled her back over to lay facing up. “Now reach behind you again and grab Clint and Miguel. Grip them tight and don’t let go.” She lifts her arms behind her and takes control again. “See how much easier that is?”

“Yes. How do I help George, Billy, and Loomis?”

Before Tyson could even ponder his reply, George took his foot fetish into account and leaned in closer to grip her ankles poising her toes to each side of his dick. Enclosing his beast with her feet he began thrusting between them. She found it ticklish but interesting. A quick nervous glance at Tyson she sighed, “Oh!” That’s how!

“You need to learn to use every part of your anatomy to help a guy, Maria. While George is helping himself, he’s trying to teach you that. You should be the one using your feet to do what your hands are doing without his effort.”

“I can do that. I use my toes to pick up things all the time. I’m good at that.” She giggled. George gave up thrusting and let her stroke him with her feet. He was pretty impressed by her multitasking. They all were. Once she committed to a three way jerk off, she heard Billy and Loomis huff and hiss stroking themselves. Attentions divided she slowed up her hand motions over Clint and Miguel. Uncertain how she considering reaching for Billy but that meant abandoning another. Clint would not have that.

“Don’t let go. Don’t stop. Once you do that the White Devil will retreat and make the pain ten times worse.”

“He’s right, Maria. Don’t slow down even for an instant.” Tyson rubbed her belly lightly, turning her attention to his caress by lifting her head, his fingers were getting close to her clit. She liked being touched there.

“I refuse to let them hurt. I just don’t know how to help the others.”

“Sometimes you can’t. Unless the guys want to take over for you so you can go from guy to guy giving their hands a chance to rest.” Tyson faintly touches her clit but doesn’t rub it, merely pushing down on it to send fire through her hormonal tantrums. “You guys willing to let her go back and forth between y’all?”

“I will take over myself.” Miguel withdrew and began jerking off over her scalp. With her hand free she drifted left to snatch up Billy.

“You have the right idea.” Tyson smiled down at her innocent gaze. “Show them just how sexy you can be.” She creased her brow at comprehending what Tyson was getting at but hardly had time to ponder it. Hearing Billy huff how beautiful she was sufficed. “Don’t forget that pucker technique we showed you when you get the chance.” She merely nodded and darted her gaze amongst each of her grips to seek out their reactions. Everyone seemed to favor her talents.

“Fuck it. Help Loomis there he’s strugglin’.” Clint claimed his cock sending Maria’s hand to her right toward the loitering Loomis. Once gripped she did her best, her feet maintaining the perfect rhythm over George amazed everyone. Maria Blanco wanted to impress; it made her heart sing the more relief that she heard once she took over for a man. In her mind it was obvious they didn’t know how to tame the White Devil like she did.

Clint and Miguel followed one another lifting up on their boot toes to get as close as possible to her head. They wanted a clear shot over her face when the time was right. Billy in position to fire over her tits stood ready as long as Maria maintained her strokes. Loomis could easily join forces with Billy in coating her gorgeous dancing titties. Only George was likely too far back to unload on her belly, he might possibly cream her cunt if Tyson backed off from teasing her clit. Tyson didn’t seem in any hurry.

“Dammit!” They heard Wiley snap from leaning on the stall gate. In watching his new baby sister, he had returned to his superior erection stance once again. Crowding close to Billy’s side he unzipped his fly and pulled the Coyote out of its den. Men had no choice but to look, those fucking Barnett’s and their arm sized cocks really put a hesitation in the air. Jerking himself off near her belly and ribcage Wiley huffed in a hurry to be first to squirt over her golden flesh.

“Wiley is hurting again already.” Maria whimpered her sadness, “I wish I had more hands and feet.”

“Concentrate on what you’re doing Sis. I got this one, you can help me next time.” Wiley grunted.

Looking to Tyson, Maria pouted a bit, “Are you hurting again too Tyson?”

“I think I’m okay. Do that chant you do but sound cute doing it.”

“What’s a chant?”

“You know, what you repeat to us when you’re fighting the White Devil. You know that verse you use to sooth the savage beast.”

“Oh!” She lowers her tone, “Come to me. Come to me. Come to me.”

“Try switching the words to Cum on me. Cum on me. Cum on me.” Wiley chuckled faintly panting at how close he and Loomis seemed to be. Miguel wasn’t far off. George enjoyed her feet, but the tightness just wasn’t enough. Deciding to remove her feet he claimed her right foot and drew her leg to his left. Seeing him take over jerking, Wiley snatched up her other ankle and pried her legs wider. Tyson could now see her cunt vividly; it was soaking wet and dripping between her thighs onto the bedding. In his pressing on her clit, he opted to add a finger lower right up to her hole and dipped a single finger up inside. She moaned really loudly with an expression of, “Oh, my God!” without the words.

“CUM ON ME. CUM ON ME. CUM ON ME.” She rambled at Wiley’s suggestion. She wanted to be loud so the White Devil’s in each of them could hear her insistence on relieving their agony. It was working. Wiley made the first shot count, spitting her belly button. Trying not to hit Tyson was impossible. Tyson took one for the team but grimaced none the less. Loomis next to him fired the second shot on her right tit. Miguel and Clint timed things perfectly shooting over her face in large quantities. She squinted but accepted their torrent without missing one beat of her chant.

Billy took the next shot over her opposite tit as Maria remained focused though squealing in between her verses. Tyson was terrorizing her cunt so much she was reaching that near forgotten climax. Unable to chant any further she tensed up and arched her back. Counting down to orgasm Tyson added a second finger to her cunt without pressing deep. Not having much contact such as this she trembled like a web in a tornado. With a loud shrill scream Maria Blanco went insane. All over Tyson’s hand her withheld squirts attacked him. Both Barnett’s were impressed that she had actually achieved a solid squirt, her being a virgin. Tyson recalled how she had flooded him earlier at home. As she convulsed Tyson withdrew his fingers knowing full well George was priming his cock closer to her pussy. With a guttural snarl George nailed her glistening cunt full force, creaming her clitoris and watching it trickle down over her hole. She was lost in her tremors.

“Maria! Pucker, you forgot to pucker.” Tyson snapped, encouraging her brain to function. Fearing some form of punishment, she rolled to her belly and kissed the urethras of Clint and Miguel, lightly sucking leftover jizz into her mouth. Not swallowing in her roll, she kissed Loomis on his crown licking up more. Another roll left she accepted both Wiley and Billy’s cum droplets. That only left George.

Scurrying to her knees she leaned forward while he was still jerking final additions toward her and lay her tongue directly under his beast. He managed another worthy squirt into her opened mouth. Giddy Maria stood up on her knees and looked over her cum coated frontal. “A woman never wastes that stuff, Maria. Eat up.” Tyson guided her fingers into gathering up their cum and licking it from her fingertips. “Doctors say that stuff is good for a gal’s digestive system.” Wiley added his own diagnosis by saying it made a gal’s hair silky. Absorbing the many benefits to the creamy substance she tried her best cutesy poses to be more impressive to their thoughts. Eyes realizing how delicious the various White Devils were, she brightened up.

“I think I could live off of this. White Devil is really quite good.” Dumb bitch!

“Might taste good to you but it’s painful as fuck to us.” Billy hissed.

As the group began zipping up, they heard Paco in the next stall unable to contain his urges. Searching for Paco, Maria discovered him through the plank railing separating stalls. Lifting her arms toward Tyson she shared a desperate, “Carry me.” Snatching her up Tyson contorted her over his shoulder and shuffled toward Paco. Remaining on their side of the stall Tyson turned her upside down and dangled her face where Paco could enter between planks. His dick mighty poised as he jerked off. Maria dangling in awe reached through the plank to take over his stroking. Tyson watched her work Paco over with zest. “Pucker wide.” Ty insisted.

Mouth as wide as she could get it she was escorted closer to accept his entire crown into her mouth. Jerking furiously, she managed his time until he lost his load deep inside her mouth. Choking she sucked him dry. A first for her. She felt pride hearing Paco thank her in Spanish. Once done Tyson pulled her upward and cradled her in his arms. A deafening whiney from Buckshot in the next stall over they found the horse rearing up on his hind legs and clattering his front hooves over the railing. It startled everyone in the stable. Wiley was first to notice the horse’s humongous cock dangling with strength. “Awww hell! Looks like White Devil is givin’ ole’ Buckshot troubles.”

“Should I help him Brothers?” Every man in the stable went pale.

“Let’s let Betsy help him. She needs practice.” Tyson lured her away before anyone could goad him into letting her try fondling a horse. As naive as she was Maria would have given it her best shot. She couldn’t resist looking back and mumbling, “How will Betsy help him? She does not have hands.” Box of rocks? Try a box of planets!

“That was fucking incredible Baby Sister.” Tyson changed the subject. “I think you’re within two or three weeks of being a woman. I know I can’t wait to congratulate you.”

“That was fun Brother.”

“Not for these bastards. They were just glad you were here to help.”

“I will always be here for them. Family, right?”

“Absolutely! Except for Billy, he’s a dickhead.” Billy nodded, he agreed to that assessment.

“Put your socks and boots on Princess.” Wiley helped her into them so that Tyson could stand her up. Once on her feet she danced about with her arms in the air.

“I love Texas now. I can do anything.” She grew overconfident.

“Let’s get you back to your bedroom and clean you up Miss Cocky.” Tyson chuckled.

“Noooooo! Harriet will chase me out. I want to shower with you.”

“I swear...” Wiley rolled his eyes, “She’s afraid of a little boo.”

“HA!” Billy laughed, “Boo Cocky.”

Everyone busted up but Maria. She fidgeted thinking that they were making fun of her. Hugging her to his side Tyson rubbed her upper arm vigorously with praise, “They just created a new nickname for you. Boo Cocky.”

“Is it a good nickname?”

“Of course, it is.”

“Then, I like it.”

“Let’s get home.”

“Okay. Bye everyone. Feel better Buckshot.”

They all waved their fond farewell, Billy adding, “CUM SEE US SOON.” She would certainly come back. Before leaving the barn with bananas in hand, none even eaten, she twirled on her boot heel. “Bye Betsy. Buckshot needs you.” Enough horsing around. Wiley peeled a banana and ate it. Tyson took another but taunted Maria’s asshole with it all the way back to the dune buggy. She could not stop giggling.

“Boo Cocky! Gotta love it. Paints a pretty picture, don’t it?”

It was a fact.
