Ever since I can remember, my twin sister and I were like best friends. I honestly don't think I could have had a better sister, or best friend. We've done everything together since we were kids. We would go to the movies, play basketball, go to the mall, anything fun we did it. We tell each other everything, there's nothing we don't know about each other, and at least, that's what we thought...
Let me start by describing us. My sister Rita is 5'6, blue eyes, blonde hair, a gorgeous smile, and a figure to die for. She has a wonderful body, 115 pounds, size 32B bust, and a perfect ass. As for me, my names Randy, I'm 6'1, 185 pounds, blue eyes, and sandy brown hair. Were both 18, but I'm older by an hour. I always thought by sister was pretty, and I've often fantasised about her, but I never thought anything would ever happen, that is until two days before our 19th birthday when an "incident" happened that would change our lives forever.
It was a typical Saturday; we were eating breakfast together as usual...
"Hey Randy, wanna try out the new Super Mario Bros. game I just got? I heard it's pretty good."
Now my sis was good at video games, but compared to me, she was am amateur. "Sure, but don't think for a second I'm gonna go easy on you".
"Oh whatever! You can't beat me if your life depended on it!"
With that, we finished our breakfast and went to her room (her room has the Wii, mine the Xbox 360) to play the game.
We were playing the game for well over 15 minutes, and I'm surprised to say she was beating me pretty badly, but then she got a little too cocky and started losing. After a while, I finally beat her, and I wasn't gonna let her hear the end of it...
"Haha, you lose! Once again I beat you! How does it feel to be second best?"
That must have been the last straw. Rita may be little, but she is almost as strong as me, if not stronger. As I stood up to leave, she picked me up and threw me one her bed and started tickling me. I am extremely ticklish, and she knows that, it's the only time she has power over me, and she always used it.
"Stop it, stop it!" I yelled laughing hysterically, but to no avail.
"Who's second best now?"
"I am I am, you win I surrender!"
She would not stop. So I took matters into my own hands. The only way to get her off is to overpower her, so that's what I did, and that's when "it" happened. Since she was on top of me on her bed tickling me, I shifted all my weight to one side and we both fell off the bed onto the floor, me on top of her. We were laughing then it just grew silent, I looked in her eyes and she looked in mine. Then all of a sudden I leaned down and kissed her full on the lips. I don't know why I did it, but I'm kinda glad I did, her lips were so soft. I was expecting her to push me off her and slap me, but she kissed me back. I was really getting into it completely forgetting I was kissing my sister, but it felt so right that I didn't even care. Then all of a sudden she pushed me off of her...
We looked at each other awkwardly for what seemed like an eternity, and then I bolted out of her room like I was on fire. I couldn't believe what just happened. I kissed my sister! Did I just ruin the relationship we had? What would she think of me? Would she tell mom and dad? I had so many questions and was quickly regretting what I did. I hoped I didn't mess things up between us. How could I look her in the eye again? I stayed in my room the rest of day, not even coming out to eat and use the bathroom. Unfortunately my guilt didn't stop me from masturbating before I went to sleep; I came 3 times at the thought of her.
The next day was even more awkward. At breakfast I kept my head down and said nothing. I could tell she was a little mad, but still I said nothing. Our parents immediately knew something was up since they didn't hear us laughing or playing with each other. I told them everything was fine (which was a HUGE lie) and I was just feeling a little under the weather, and they thought nothing of it. It took me almost the rest of the day before I finally worked up the courage to confront Rita of our "encounter". I knocked on her door and opened it to see her sitting on her bed holding a book, and staring at me.
"Rita can I please talk to you?"
"Come in, but keep your distance."
"Fair enough, Rita I'm so sorry I kissed you."
"Why did you do it?"
"I don't know, I looked in you eyes and something told me to kiss you."
"I wanna be mad at you, but..."
"But you can't be. Does that mean you liked the kiss?"
"THAT DOESNT MATTER DUMMY! Were brother and sister! That's incest!"
"I know, and I don't care. I love you."
"I love you too, but I'm not sure if I love you like "that."
"As pretty as you are you can have anyone you want, but you choose to spend all your time with me, your brother. Were so happy together no matter what we do. Haven't you noticed we've never even shown interest in dating anyone? We never needed to, we have each other, all the signs are there, doesn't that mean something to you?"
"What it means is tha... you think I'm pretty?"
"I think you are beautiful, that's why I can't stop thinking about that kiss, it was amazing!"
"It's still wrong Randy! We can't do it again."
It felt like a weight fell on top of me when she said that.
"Please Rita, think about it, were perfect for each other. We like all the same things, we finish each other sentences, and we would do anything for one another. We should at least see what can happen between us and not be so worried about what society thinks is right or wrong!"
(After thinking for a minute) I love you too Randy with all my heart, you know I do, but its still incest, it can't happen.
I looked at her with hurt in my eyes and left. She looked back at me with the same look as if to say "I want to, but I'm scared." Maybe she was right, that we shouldn't take that step, but that didn't stop me from feeling hurt. I retired to my room and lay on my bed staring at the ceiling until I succumbed to sleep.
That night I woke up around 2:00 and was unable to go back to sleep, so I decided to get something to drink. As I walked past my sister's room I could hear faint noises, so I decided to check it out. Her door was shut but it wasn't locked, so I turned the knob carefully as not to make a sound and peeked in. What I saw amazed me. My sister was masturbating herself to a pair of my boxers. I couldn't believe it! She was completely naked lying on her bed with my boxers in one hand and was fingering herself with the other hand. I pulled my cock out and started stroking it slowly, not wanting to cum yet. Her titties were perky and her nipples were hard as a rock. She had two fingers in her pussy and pulled them out to suck off the juices, I almost came right there, but I held off, barely. I heard her say moaning and talking dirty to herself as she fingered her wet pussy unbeknown to me.
"Oh Randy that feels so good, fuck me with your big cock, oh god that feels so good! I wish I had let you touch me, oh god Randy!"
When she said that I let out a little moan, and she heard me and jumped up, looking directly at me, but saying nothing. I was caught, and I didn't care. It was now clear that we both wanted each other despite the doubts we had. I saw this as my only chance to make her see how right for each other we were, I wanted her, so I went to get her.
She tried to cover up and hide my boxers from view as she turned to me, face red with embarrassment. "How long have you been there?"
"Long enough to know you feel the same way I do".
With that I closed the door, walked over to her dropping my clothes in the process and kissed her. At first she resisted, and then she gave in and kissed back. I knew I had her. I lay her down and moved her hair out of her face.
"Relax, this is gonna be special for both of us."
I started to suck on her left nipple while I massaged her right.
"Oh Randy that feels so good, keep doing that!"
I then switched to sucking on her right nipple and massaging her left. I kissed my way down her chest and over her stomach until I came face to face with her pussy, which was a beautiful camel toe with nice full lips. I thought I'd tease her a bit so I kissed around her pussy for a few minutes, then I felt a hand forcefully grab my head.
"Since you got lost, I thought I'd give you a hand," she said seductively. Then she shoved my face right in her pussy, and I started eating her out like there was no tomorrow.
"Oh my god, Randy, eat my pussy, stick your tongue in it, oh fuck! That feels so good!"
"SHH! We don't want to wake mom and dad!"
"You shouldn't make me feel so good then," she said breathing heavily.
I opened her lips and licked all around then I clamped my lips around her clit, and her body started to spasm out of control as I flicked my tongue across it. I knew she was close to her orgasm as she pushed up off the bed and grinded her pussy on my face.
"Oh god I'm cumming! I'm cumming! I'm cummmmming! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
She drowned me in her pussy juice, and I lapped it all up just as fast as she squirted it out.
"You taste so good Rita," I said licking as much juice off of her as I could.
"I've never cum so much in my life! Now it's my turn to make you feel good!"
She grabbed hold of my 7 inch cock and started stroking it, first slow, then picking up speed. Then she pushed me back on the bed and took my cock in her mouth. First she sucked the tip of my cock doing a swirling motion with her tongue which felt so good, then she took my whole shaft in her mouth and started sucking up and down at a fast pace.
"Oh shit Rita that feels so good! Suck it, make me cum!"
After a while I couldn't hold it in anymore and told her I was gonna cum. She just kept right on sucking and picked up speed until I blew my load in her mouth. I must have cum a gallon in her mouth, but she didn't spill a drop. She looked up at me with the most seductive look and instantly I was hard again.
She pushed me back and straddled me. "I want you to fuck me now! Show me how much you love me!"
"Are you sure this is what you want?"
"Who better to lose my virginity to than the one person who deserves it?"
I was speechless as she looked down at me with those pretty blue eyes full of lust, I might have just unleashed a monster. She grabbed my cock in her hand, rubbed it over her pussy lips, eased it in a little bit as we both relished the feeling of losing our virginity to ech other, and then without warning she sat down on it full force, shattering her hymen. She screamed but I quickly brought her down and put her face in the pillow to muffle it.
"Oh god, it hurts!" I heard her say into the pillow.
I started to ease my cock out of her, thinking I hurt her too bad, but she stopped me.
"No, don't take it out, I kew it would hurt, just don't move for a while."
I lay there with her on top of me letting her adjust to my cock that just invaded her most sacred of places. Surprisingly I didn't feel any blood run out of her like I thought it would, but I didn't complain. After a couple minutes I felt her rock her hips against me faster and faster until she sat up and looked at me with a look I've never seen on her.
"Fuck the shit outta me Randy! Fuck your sister like you'll never get to fuck her again!"
I've never been so turned on in my life. I grabbed her hips and started driving my cock in her with force.
"Oh fuck yes! Fuck me, Randy, fuck me! Harder! Harder! Yes! Oh god yes!"
She got up and got on her hands and knees in front of me. I wasted no time and slid my cock back into her hot pussy. Her ass was bouncing off me from being fucked so hard.
"You like fucking your sister from behind don't you? Sliding your cock in and out of my pussy. Fuck me, fuck me!"
At this point I didn't care if our parents heard us, and neither did she.
"I love fucking you, sis. I love eating your pussy, I love when you suck my cock, I love when you squirt in my face, and I'm gonna love cumming inside you!"
I flipped her over missionary and began plowing her harder than I did doggy style.
"Oh big brother you fuck me so good! I want your cum in me, I want you to fill me with all your hot cum, I wanna feel it squirting inside me!
Hearing her talk like that combined with being our first time I knew I wouldn't last much longer, so I mustered up the last of my strength and began one final assault on her worn out pussy, driving into her as she wrapped her legs around me while moaning my name.
"Randy! Oh yes you're fucking me so hard! Yes! I love you, Randy! I love you! You're making me cum! Oh god I'm cumming Randy, I'm cummmmmmmmmmmmmming!"
The sight of my beautiful sister having an orgasm under me, because of me turned me on so much I fucked her faster and as hard as I could, luckily we have the beds that don't make noise or we would have benn found out a lon time ago. I could feel the inside of her pussy spasming around my cock and I knew that would be it for me. After a few minutes a felt the familiar tingle in my balls and grunted to her I was cumming. I pushed in her as far as I could go and exploded all of my seed into her. After what seemed like a minute of filling her up we both collapsed on her bed exhausted.
We both lay there and held each other. I looked at her clock, it read 3:17, not bad for amateurs. After a while she looked at me and smiled, and I kissed her on the lips and caressed her.
"So Randy, does this make us boyfriend and girlfriend now, or brother and sister with benefits?"
"It makes us whatever you want us to be."
She pulled me on top of her and stuck her tongue as deep in my mouth as she could get it. I'm not sure which option she chose but with a kiss like that either is fine with me. Before we could say anything else we both saw a light hit the hallway from the crack under Rita's door, which meant our parents had cut their bedroom light on, so I grabbed my stuff to leave before we got caught. Before I got out the door, I turned around to see Rita smiling back at me.
"Happy birthday big brother."
"Happy birthday sis, goodnight," I said winking at her.
I smiled as I went to bed happy, eagerly looking forward to see what the rest of our birthday had planned for us.