Codes:  MF, sm, viol, caution, cheat

Then came the apologies.  There was no telling her it wasn't her fault.  There was no arguing, no fighting between them.  The apologies were a form of rage, though.  Precipitated upon despair.  Her desire to drag both of them down in the grave with him.  Her grip on him, death's grip on her.  Each time he felt it.  The only choice was to get free.

She kept his room exactly the same.  They said it was typical that she wanted to remember and he wanted to forget.  It was like dying all over again each time he thought of it.

Why did it feel like he had died, too?  In previous decades, hadn't it been common for children to die before their parents?  It was anger, mostly.  They had clinical names for sadness, happiness, and nervousness, but none for anger.  That was just your fault.  He understood.  But, he said to her, the two of them were still alive, weren't they?  So why did she choose to die a living death? 

It wasn't too long after that that he started seeing her.  They would meet at a bar uptown that he had frequented in his younger days.  Other times she wouldn't be able to make it and it would be random women he picked up from there.  He could come back to life again as long as he was with someone young and beautiful, someone who still had some hope left in life.  Sometimes he found a girl who would hang out in there sometimes in the evenings who was informally doing it for money.  But mostly it was just her.

Sometimes it was just the two of them, sometimes there were others.  But it was she who made him go out looking in the first place.

He had met her on the afternoon bus, on the way to the park-and-ride.  She was taking the bus all the way home from the pet store, with a goldfish in a plastic bag.  He had to strike up a conversation with her.  The other passengers on the bus were titillated by their conversation, the way she had told him all about her unusual lifestyle, and he had listened with more interest than normal.

She had a son the same age, who had muscular dystrophy.  She was raising him on her own.  There was respite care available on Fridays.  He called her while he was at work the next week and that is when they agreed to meet.

They only knew first names.  She was not so bad for her age.  He figured he wasn't.  Still it was sick to think about.  He would be disgusted at work on Friday afternoons, with the anticipation he was feeling.

There were even times she would kick him out of bed afterward, or out of the room.  He would sit on the floor and watch tv, or stop in the alley for a cigarette before driving back to the suburbs.

There was one day he came across a picture of him in his valise, inside the lining with various other incidentals.

The next time he saw her, he was determined.  He had to be the one to make them both forget.  He could see her guilt, which only subsided in rare moments.  He would have to pin her against the wall, one hand against the wall and the other reaching under her shirt.  While he did this he would have to kiss her neck.  It was really very hard to please her, since she required quite a bit of distraction.  He was allowed to bite.  They both left marks.  There was no longer any danger in what they were doing.  His wife was a million miles away in her head.

There were times he felt as though what he was doing was nearer to worship.  Not as a fetishist, but as a monument to his own loneliness.  He stayed on the floor those times, next to her scent, with his face buried between her thighs.  That way, he could still feel a million miles away.  It was animalistic. 

She scratched him until his entire back was bleeding.  She did not apologize.

For his part, he understood that the beautiful roughness was not good.  It was not good and neither was he.  None of this could help.  She teased him.  He could not bring himself to feel angry.  She beat him with her fists.  She ordered a meal and ate it all while he sat crouched beneath her, serving as furniture.  She spat gristle onto his back.  It landed on the carpet next to him, she told him to eat it.  He swallowed it whole. 

Often, there were tears.  Their own or somebody else's, that came to them during an act, where they had not occurred before.

She bit him back, at the nape of the neck.  They had no pretensions of being animals, as younger people might have, of trying to tear eachother apart.  They certainly were not trying to "spice things up."  It was vulgar.  He was fucking her from behind, throwing her around like a rag doll.  Finally she insisted he lie on his back, and straddled him.  He tried not to scream, when her fists and choking hands allowed him a breath.  Outside again with his cigarette, he would be reminded momentarily of the very fact of respiration.  He would go home and forget.  She would follow.