Sundress Fun
by JoandD

Wife shows off in new sundress to call husband's bluff.

For over ten years my husband, Dave, and I owned a timeshare on the island of St. Martin in the Caribbean. We loved going there for two weeks every year and enjoying the beaches, shopping and great dining. For us, the first week is more active, while the second is pure relaxation. We spent a lot of time at the beaches at Cupecoy and Orient Bays, which are clothing optional, and we've enjoyed getting all-over tans. Like many men, Dave has encouraged me to adapt my wardrobe to show off more of that tan skin when not at the beach too. I listen to some of his advice.

This year, during the second week were planning to go to a topflight restaurant on the French side of the island by the harbor at Marigot. I had forgotten to pack the sundress that I bought a while back just for this trip. I'd had a lot of daring fun shopping for that dress, so it was extra special to me. I was left with shorts and tops, and while some were probably dressy enough for most St. Martin dining establishments, I really wanted a dress for this one. Dave suggested I look for at dresses in downtown Phillipsburg, since they have a lot of shops with a good selection. So, we went shopping for one that was "dressy" enough but would be cool and fun for our time in the tropical weather, similar to the one I'd mistakenly left at home. We looked at all kinds of sundresses at any number of stores.

Of course, Dave liked the ones with halter tops or little straps and lots of "exposure," while I preferred a little more conservative styles with less back and chest showing. I tried on five or six dresses from pretty racy, to quite modest. While I liked one with a halter-top, it was a color that just doesn't flatter me. We finally compromised on one with "spaghetti straps" but not as low cut as he would have chosen, though still bare enough to preclude my wearing a bra, unless it was strapless. It did have buttons all the way down the front, which meant I could be more daring if I chose to be.

When it came time to get ready to go out, of course Dave kept encouraging me to be bolder, starting with the suggestion that I forgo wearing not only a bra, but any panties as well. I wasn't overly impressed by that idea, but it ignite an element of sensual playfulness with me. So, I did leave a couple of buttons undone at the bottom to show a little more leg when walking or sitting. Not having brought a strapless bra, I was a little self-conscious about the top being too low and too loose for my being braless, so I kept finding myself pulling the front up by tugging on the straps. The more I thought of potentially exposing of my breasts, and the blousy material brushing against my nipples brought an arousal I certainly hadn't expected. That ended my worrying about the top of the dress.

When we got to the restaurant we had to wait in the bar and sit at a tall table with equally tall barstools. This really showed off my now nicely tanned legs as well as my "Caribbean Sunset" polished toenails. I could see four guys sitting near us in the restaurant eating area that was a step down from the bar level with a shorter tables and lower chairs. This meant their eyes were at about the same level as my knees. In case they hadn't noticed, I started toe-dangling my sandal and let it fall to the floor to assure their attention. Even men claiming to have to have zero foot fetish wouldn't be able to resist looking at my extended leg and now bare foot.

As I watched surreptitiously, I could see them re-arrange themselves to face more directly toward me to admire my legs and be ready for some potential up-skirt views. They weren't being subtle at all and must have figured when I got on or off the chair or crossed or uncrossed my legs, I'd have to show them whether or not I was wearing panties. My dress was a navy blue, Swiss-dot pattern, so my bright white panties would likely be quite a contrast and very visible to my new-found admirers.

I soon noticed that the two guys with the best angles were blatantly looking our way now and then, especially when I changed positions in the chair. My fancy footwork had been tasty bait. For my plan to work, I knew I needed to look a little uncomfortable with the situation for Dave's sake, and a little "hard to get" for my audience. Soon, Dave had noticed the situation and seemed to sense my faux discomfort, since I was again rearranging my dress both at the bottom and at the top. As I was tugging on the hem of my dress he asked me if there was a problem, and I let him know in no uncertain terms that these guys were trying to get a peek at my panties. He tried to be funny and reminded me that if I hadn't wanted these guys to see my panties, I shouldn't have worn any. Ha-ha.

His attempt at humor did remind me that we were both open to some game playing tonight. That did put things into better perspective. So, I decided to continue my fun with Dave and put myself more in control of the situation. I was having fun now too. I decided to up the ante on our conversation. I put on my most serious face and asked him if he was just teasing about my panties or was it a challenge? He's never been a jealous or possessive type and he sure likes it when I "show off" a little, but I wanted him to say for the record that it would be OK for me to offer these guys a proverbial beaver shot. He told me that not only would it not bother him, but it would turn-him-on knowing these guys found me sexy and desirable. At that I muttered something about how "you better be careful about what you ask for."

As we ordered another drink, I subtly undid another button, this time at the top of the dress. As we waited, I crossed and uncrossed my legs a few times as I turned in my chair more toward my admirers. I surprisingly found myself relaxing and enjoying myself.

After the drinks arrived, Dave was again surprised to find another button had somehow come undone and now there was a pretty good gap into the top of my dress. This was not to be missed by our waiter or our now intently watching foursome, as they obviously were discussing what they were seeing. I suspect they were wondering if knew these buttons were open, and if so, it had to be on purpose. Dave knew that as well.

Next, I took my purse and excused myself to the restroom as I slowly slid off the chair to the not-so-subtle stares of my small fan club. By their reactions I could assume they were treated to a. pretty good "leg show" when I left, and most likely another unobstructed peek at my white panties. By now I was really getting into the verbal "sparring" with Dave as well as the excitement of the scenario at hand, and I was unexpectedly amazed by how much I seemed to be enjoying and aroused by our little game.

When I returned, I again had to back up to the stool and mount it, this time slowly one leg at a time under the even more watchful eyes of my spectators. I was again amazed how unabashed these guys were in watching me and wondered just how much they had actually seen since I did have to spread my knees fairly wide to get reseated.

After we finished our drinks, I opened my purse to get my lipstick, and Dave could clearly see the panties I had worn to the restaurant. It was obvious to both of us that the four guys couldn't have missed the difference between seeing my white panties and now the darker pubic hair framing my pussy.

Dave now knew that I had called his bluff and that maybe I was enjoying this game as much or even more than he was.

He couldn't take it anymore and just had to ask what was up with the buttons and the panties. "That's what you wanted isn't it?" I replied with a smile that loudly said "gottcha." This he certainly could not deny, and the fact that I'd "one-upped" him took nothing away from the moment. In fact, it made me happy and excited. He had to do a little sorting out of emotions before he realized that if he wasn't ready for me to have as much fun as he wanted with this little fantasy, he shouldn't have started it in the first place. This experience was the real beginning of more fun like it, where we both were on equal levels.
