Ugly doctor helps my constipated wife
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

After being married for 15 years there are hardly any personal habits that remain secret from each other (although my wife, I bet, still doesn't know that I jerk off at least once every day even now). My wife has one habit that she is very embarrassed of. She is very constipated. Often, she is unable to shit for days. But it has never been as bad as the last time when she was unable to shit for one whole week. It was so bad that it became indeed very painful to the extent that we had no choice except to see the doctor. She was very embarrassed to even mention her ailment to the doctor so I offered to accompany her for support.

To save her more embarrassment I made an appointment with a doctor from a different area - someone we had heard of but didn't know personally. She was very appreciative of that gesture.

On the day of the appointment, we reached the clinic earlier than expected and sat down to wait for our turn. At about 5pm, since we were the last appointment of the day, an Indian male nurse ushered us in the doctor's room. I rally hadn't seen this particular doctor before and was glad too. He was not the most pleasant looking man I had ever seen. He was very dark and had a pock-marked face. The skin of his face was really abrasive. He was average height, slightly shorter than me, at about 5ft 7inches. His bald pate shined like black gold and his tobacco-stained teeth reminded me of a camel. And he smelt funky too.

Anyway, I was glad he was not very smooth because we were here to discuss something which is not very normal as well. He gestured for us to sit in and as I explained my wife's predicament, I could sense that my wife started blushing and became extremely nervous and conscious. The doctor was...well...like a doctor and listened to whatever I had to tell him.

"Seven day," he wondered aloud, "that is too late for old stool to stay inside the human body and it is very dangerous as stool is toxic matter and with each passing day it becomes more and more toxic."

"Oh no doc," I asked, alarmed at the well being of my wife, "so what can we do now?"

"I am afraid at this stage, the stool must have hardened really badly and even enema administration will not help."

"So what are you gonna do Doc?"

"Well the only option available is to manually take the stool out of the body."

"err...what?"

"My dear, we need to manually remove the stool from her body that is what I am saying," the doctor repeated, absentmindedly stroking his beer belly.

I looked at my wife and saw that she was trying to disappear in the floor of the clinic. I decided to take the decision - since there was only one way out - and told the doctor to go ahead with the procedure. Just when I was about to leave the room, I heard my wife's meek voice, "Oh please, stay with me, I will be more comfortable." I looked at the doctor, who shrugged his shoulders so I stayed.

The doctor opened the door slightly and shouted at the receptionist, "If I am late in the surgery, please lock up and go. I got the spare keys."

Then, he closed the door shut and locked it. He asked my wife to remove the cotton dress that she was wearing along with al other clothes and to wear the standard hospital gown kept inside one of the cupboards. Once she indicated that she was ready, the doc pulled the curtains open. He then assembled some instruments. Asking my wife to lie down straight on her back, he started some preliminary probing exam, checking for any abnormalities in her abdomen.

"Hard as expected," he said and donned a latex glove. He lubed his index finger with some KY jelly and slowly inserted in my wife's round, pink ass hole. My wife, her eyes clenched shut, almost screamed in pain when the doc tried to manipulate the insides of her rectum. She looked like she was going to die.

"I am sorry my dear, it can be a bit painful. I mean I can give you some anesthetic shot but that would only increase your bill by $100," he grinned sheepishly. "Oh please doctor, it's okay. Please give her the shot and make it less painful," I declared. And promptly the doc fumbled around in a small refrigerator and gave her a shot of general anesthesia. Within five minutes she was out flat.

I realized the sodding doc had been staring at my wife's hairy pussy after her legs fell down involuntarily under the influence of the anesthetic. Our eyes met and he looked away but he was already in my bad books. "Let me check if she is out," he said, adding as an afterthought, "or would you like to help me since you are here?" When I nodded my yes, he shocked me by saying bluntly, "Okay, then the standard procedure is to smack really hard on the clit. If she is out she will stay still but if she's not out, she will flinch like fish out of water. Ready?"

I would have been damned if I was letting him smack my wife's clit in front of me, so, like a moron, I said, "Yes, I am ready."

"Look carefully," he said and before I could do or say anything, he smacked my wife's clit sharply, "smack her like this." I looked at him stupidly and smacked her clit hard. She was definitely not a fish out of water so he looked pleased at himself and applying some more KY jelly on his fingers. He reinserted his rather thick and broad index finger in my wife's anus. There was no reaction. I noticed that he wasn't nice and slow anymore. On moment his fat finger was out and in the next moment his entire black finger was knuckle deep inside my wife's virgin ass. Then, all this while looking me in the eyes, he started rotating his finger inside, muttering as the same time, "Her shit has hardened really badly. Must soften it."

Abruptly, he took out his finger and even though there was some "dirty" specks he sniffed his finger and said to me, "I need to get some special gel to soften the shit, can you finger her ass and rotate it." When I stared at him wide-eyed, he smiled his special camel smile and said, "churn her booty boy, churn her booty." I started doing as he had ordered me. True, whatever was touching my finger was rock solid inside her ass.

Soon he retrieved a big container with some more jelly - thick, transparent...just like KY but thicker. He asked me to continue what I was doing and scooped a large amount of the thick jelly and generously coated my wife's hairy pussy with the jelly. "Now it will slowly drip on to you finger and slip inside your wife's ass and soften the shit."

After ten minutes of churning her booty I was getting a bit horny I was sitting on a high chair and my face was very close to my wife's hairy pussy. She must be getting a bit horny with all the booty churning because I could see pussy juice slowly leaking down from her cunt lips. The musky pussy smell was also driving me and my cock a bit crazy. The doc put his hand on my shoulder and asked me to take a break. And he took over the now "finger-fucking" of my wife's ass. He asked me to apply a thick coat of jelly on her pussy. When I smeared her pussy with the thick jelly I don't know what came over me and I slipped a finger inside her cunt hole. Oh brother! Was her love tunnel hot! It was like on fire. The pussy was steaming like a hot engine waiting for a ride. Just then my hand touched he docs hand and I pulled out my finger. 

Without warning, the doc suddenly pulled a long black hard turd out of my wife's ass. I was grossed out but the doc stayed calm and placing the hard shit in a plastic bag, threw it in the medical dustbin. "Your turn," he said and made space for me. As I sat down, again my mouth - itching to lick her steaming hot pussy - inches away from her cunt, the doc poured almost a gallon on jelly on her pussy and then without warning pushed nearly half of it inside her pussy with his bare hands. His two slick and thick fingers stayed inside for longer than necessary and then slowly pulled out but he didn't remove his hand entirely before rubbing my wife's openly engorged clit. A shiver ran down my spine and some more blood flooded my cock. All my Alfa male characteristics slowly started melting away.

The doc stood up. He was very close to both of us. In fact his crotch - still covered by cotton pants - was bulging and if I am not wrong I even saw a wet drop spreading at one side of the pants. His crotch was at my eye level, just a few inches away from my voluntarily parted mouth, and her voluntarily (albeit unconscious) parted pussy lips. I realized I was staring at his cock and he, fully aware of this embarrassing fact snaked his hand over his cock and gave it ample squeeze. My mouth watered, my wife's pussy was already salivating and my painfully hard cock leaked some more precum.

The doc said, "We need to push the stool out from inside. The only way to do it is through your wife's pussy. Are you okay if I do it with my bare hands? I am sorry I ran out of gloves," he lied blatantly even though a pair was lying just by my side. He really didn't wait for my response. His fingers inched their way inside my wife's hairy and large pussy. He was finger-fucking my wife right in front of my eyes at the pretext of  pushing her shit out. Oh damn. But it was just plain hot to watch this ugly man play with my wife's pussy like she was a two dollar whore.

I realized his crotch was now almost touching he pubic hair on my wife's pussy lips. Without realizing it I had also moved forward to catch the action. He stopped abruptly as if groping for something inside and told me, "Brother, can you open my pants?" Why I should have asked but I simply opened the zipper of his pants and let the trousers fall down to the floor. A manly musky smell spread all around. I was greeted by his giant pussy breaker monster cock. It looked so obscene poking through the fly of his boxers. A drop of clear precum descended from its uncut tip and dropped down on top of my open shoes - I could feel the cold liquid slipping between my toes.

"You are a perfect assistant," he chimed and showed me his two hands, sticky with KY jelly, "see these hands, I don't think I can do much with these...you must help me push the shit out of her by using my penis." I happily obliged by holding his burning hot "penis" and pushing it towards my sweet wife's pussy. "Nah, nah, nah, not like that," the ugly bastard shushed me, "first you must make it rock hard...yeah....but not only with your hands ...oh yeah, faggot....yeah...that's what I meant, lick the purple head with your tongue...yeah, cock sucker eat that cock cheese...yeah, whiff my man meat's cheesy smell. Wimp, yeah, take it all in and slick it up so that I can shove it in your slut wife..." on and on he went. I sucked the black, slimy cock like it was my last meal on earth...the funky smell, the distorted scar signs, the unsightly foreskin...nothing mattered for me...it was only his cock and my mouth. Till he stopped me, "enough cock sucker, now fuck your wife with my filthy cock."

I was the happiest husband alive when I pushed that fat black cock head inside my wife's slicked up pussy. Phacchaak...it went inside like a knife in butter...my wife shivered in her unconsciousness but never opened her eyes...in  the next ten minutes the ugly black doctor pounded my wife's horny and large pussy with his hammer cock like a frontline assault...he fucked her so hard that the entire table shook...then finally, grunting like a wild pig, he unleashed millions of sperm carrying his ugly genes inside my wife's womb.

He lay like a crumpled toilet paper on top of my wife for about ten minutes and then got up. Pushed my head on his still half hard cock and forced me to suck his dirty cock clean. Then without any prompting, I moved to my lovely and freshly fucked wife's cum laden pussy and started sucking out the ugly man's pungent (but surely potent) sperm out. He might have been ugly but his cum was really creamy and tasty...needless to say, now I encourage my wife to not go to the toilet at all. We only need to go to the ugly doc for manual removal...
