A CURE FOR KLEPTOMANIA

BY MAX SMART

Part 12

Wherein we and Jenny meet the "Quacker".

"Ohhh!" she exclaimed, as she laid eyes first on her red and
swollen cunt and then on the happy faces of our family gathered
around. Then the consciousness of the throbbing, burning pain
that was originating in her crotch started to hit her.

"Oowwww! Oh, it hurts! Owwww!" and the tears began to flow.

She looked around at our cruel faces and spied the strap in
Timmy's hand.

"Don't hit me, Timmy! Please! You wouldn't, would you? Not there,
please!"

"Where don't you want me to hit you, Jenny?" asked Timmy
mischievously.

"On my my "

"Here?" Timmy asked as he brought the strap lightly down,
flicking Jenny's cunt right in the center. It must have been
pretty sore, because even this wimpy little stroke brought a
strident yell of pain from the poor girl.

"Owwwwww! Oh, don't! Don't! I can't stand it!!" as she attempted
in vain to close her well-spread legs.

"Hmm, I guess you DID mean there." Timmy concluded. "Is it really
sore, Jenny?" He asked, lightly flicking the object in question
with the tip of the strap."

"Ahh! Ahh! Ouch! Yes, it's sore! Oh, please! I've had enough!!
I'll never be bad! I'll never steal!! Spank me instead!! Strap my
bottom!! Anything, oh, anything!!" Jenny seemed determined to get
her point across, and all the while straining her thigh muscles
in a futile effort to close her legs and shield her threatened
pussy.

"But don't you agree that you've been very bad, Jenny?" I asked.

"Oh, yes, I've been VERY bad, but I can't take any more th-there!
You could strap m-my b-breasts I just COULDN'T stand anymore on
my th-there!"

"Jenny, Jenny," I responded in a calm, motherly tone, " When are
you going to learn that we're doing this all for you? We would
never do anything that would damage you - we want to improve you!
A girl's pussy is an ideal object for teaching her a good lesson
that she'll never forget. Even the strongest caning on her bottom
can't quite equal the experience of a pussy strapping. Ask Nancy,
here."

Nancy blushed deeply, but smiled at the same time since she
realized that SHE was not the one whose pussy was in question at
the moment.

Jenny shivered with fear at my light hearted comments.

I continued, "One wonderful thing about the pussy as a punishment
target is that it FEELS to the culprit that she can't stand
anymore, or that anymore will produce permanent damage, while in
reality it is a very robust and resilient area. In your case,
Jenny, I would have to say it is especially resilient, so I don't
think any of us have to worry very much."

"But, Aunt Marge" Jenny managed between bitter sobs, "I just
can't take anymore there. It hurts TOO much."

"Of course it hurts, dear. I'm sure it hurts a great deal, but
that's the whole point, don't you see. I might add that it's
going to hurt quite a bit more in just a little while, if I know
my son." And I gave a smiling wink to Timmy, who grinned broadly.
"But I think, correct me if I'm wrong, Timmy, that Uncle Dave is
going to give Jenny a little test first."

Timmy said, "Yep, that's right. Go ahead, Dad."

Dave moved to center stage, that is, front and center, commanding
easy access to Jenny's cunt and standing right in front of her
terrified gaze.

"Now, Jenny," he said, "You know how important it is to learn
self discipline during punishment and to take your punishment in
the right spirit. One important thing that we want to make sure
isn't happening is something that young girls of your age often
have a problem with. That is, it would be very rude of you and
very counterproductive to our purpose for you to get turned on'
at any time during punishment, because that would be defeating
the purpose, wouldn't it? So I'm going to give you a little test
to see how good you are at resisting any impulse to get turned
on, ok?"

Jenny had a pretty good idea of what Dave was talking about and
all she could do was stare at him and cry copious tears.

Dave went on, "So, what I'm going to do is do some things that
would normally tend to turn a girl on, but you must resist this.
If you don't, I'm afraid we'll have to take that as extremely
insubordinate."

Dave reached out a loving hand and lightly brushed his fingers up
and down one side of Jenny's plump red, swollen pussy. She
flinched at first, grimacing and grunting since the area was
quite tender. However as Dave's hand became more adventurous and
inventive, it didn't take long before Jenny's juices started
flowing, and there came a new kind of swelling - the swelling of
lust.

Dave said, "Oh, dear, Jenny, this is very naughty."

The poor girl clearly couldn't help herself. She was just a
hot-blooded girl and her pussy was going to respond to caresses
regardless of the situation she was in. And apparently the
soreness in the tissues was not enough to impede nature's work in
any great way. She stared in horror at first, seeing just as well
as anyone how successful Dave was being, how freely the
glistening juices were flowing over the bare, plump mount. Then
she closed her eyes, becoming lost in her feelings.

Dave continued, remorselessly. Jenny became hotter and hotter,
starting to rotate and thrust her hips against Dave's marauding
fingers, starting to groan with lust and pant with desire,
becoming completely oblivious to her surroundings - aware only of
the magic of Dave's industrious digits.

The pace of Jenny's panting and groaning at last clearly signaled
an impending orgasm. That was when Dave stopped, suddenly,
leaving Jenny poised on the brink of paradise.

"Ohhhhh! Please, don't stop, don't stop!" she babbled, still in a
half dream state, thrusting her hips in hopes of renewing the
blessed contact with Dave's fingers. Her love juices were flowing
everywhere, causing her anus, bottom crack, and thighs to glisten
as well as her swollen, opening cunt. A little puddle had
appeared on the table.

"Jenny, " Dave said, looking with feigned disgust at the
disheveled state of Jenny's pussy, "I'm really disappointed with
you. This will unfortunately result in a large number of
demerits."

This brought her a little back to her senses. She opened her
eyes. She was clearly torn between horror at what had just
occurred and the continuing urgent need to have an orgasm. Of
course she wasn't going to be permitted this pleasure. She was,
after all, being punished!

As you and your readers will soon see, or may already know,
Professor, if you're going to punish a girl's pussy, which we
highly recommend as an effective discipline method, there is no
better way to prepare it than to bring her to the brink of orgasm
before applying the implement that you have chosen. The tissues
are at this point at their most tender and open and the clitoris
asserts itself - a move that it will inevitably consider to have
been mistake. In addition, the coating of pussy juice guards
against abrasion.

Timmy said, "Dad, I think it's time to insert the Quacker."

With a grin for all of us, Dave reached into his pocket and
pulled out what looked like an ordinary butt plug. Well, by
"ordinary", it was ordinary to someone who had seen a butt plug
before. I don't think Jenny thought it was ordinary, since her
eyes widened a couple of millimeters when she saw it. Dave handed
it to a very eager Timmy, who gleefully brandished it in young
Jenny's horrified face.

The family already knew what the Quacker was. It was an invention
of Dave's, and was inspired by the writings of that great sage,
Dr. Simpson. Dave started with a hollow model of butt plug, one
that was a bit on the thick side for a youngster like Jenny, but
which we felt sure she could manage to accept. He created some
very interesting electronics to fit inside it, including a sound
synthesis chip and a pressure sensor, along with a speaker and
grill for the part that stays outside. He calibrated the pressure
sensor, using a somewhat reluctant Nancy as a tester. Instead of
going further into technical details, I believe I'll continue
with the wonderful scene in progress.

I produced a little jar containing hot pepper oil, with which
Timmy liberally anointed the business end of the Quacker as well
as Jenny's defenseless little anus.

"Ahhhhh!" Jenny yelled in outraged surprise as she felt her
little button being touched. "Don't! Don't touch me there! She
tried her best to clamp her legs to together, to squeeze her
cheeks together, to no avail.

Timmy said, "Jenny, this is going in, whether you cooperate or
not. If you cooperate and relax, it probably won't hurt very
much. If you don't, if you clench, it might be very unpleasant
for you."

And with that he touched the tip of the Quacker to Jenny's
rosette. Jenny jerked and gasped. Timmy slowly pushed and twisted
as Jenny alternately groaned and squeaked. In spite of the width
of the plug and the virgin status of Jenny's rear entrance, the
plug was inserted fairly quickly, although Jenny couldn't help
clenching as the widest part of the plug stretched her to the
utmost. A light smack on her pussy with the strap was all it took
for her to come to her senses and relax her muscles to allow the
complete insertion of the interesting item. Timmy now turned the
end of the plug until we heard a click. This was the "on" switch.

By now the effects of the hot oil were becoming apparent, and
Jenny began to complain, "It's burning! Oh, it's burning me!"

Timmy said, "Jenny, if you don't want your pussy to get a good
solid smack with this strap, you had better do what I'm about to
tell you. I want you to squeeze your bottom hole as hard as you
can."

The poor girl obeyed, and we could tell in two ways - one, by
observing the clenching of her muscles in that area, and, two, by
the marvelous "Quack!" that emerged from the speaker of the
Quacker. It was working! The sound wasn't very loud because it
was calibrated so that a very mighty squeeze would be required to
produce a very loud sound.

Timmy pulled Jenny's panties from his back pocket and ordered
Jenny to open her mouth. The terrified youngster obeyed and
immediately found her mouth full of fragrant underwear. Nancy now
tied a scarf around Jenny's mouth to secure the humilitating gag.
Jenny was not going to be communicating via her mouth for awhile.

Timmy smiled at Jenny as he held the strap up for her to gaze
upon. She was desperate with fear, and began desperately
struggling at her bonds -she HAD to get away. She knew all too
well what Timmy was about to do. Inarticulate whines and mews
issued feverishly from behind Jenny's gag.

Unfortunately for Jenny, we had designed her bonds to resist any
of her struggles. With a slight arm motion and a very quick flick
of the wrist, Timmy brought the strap down smartly on Jenny's
cunt.

Whap! The wonderful springiness in Jenny's plump mound caused the
strap to bounce off of its target. Droplets of Jenny's love juice
flew through the air.

The effect on Jenny was magical. She gave a jerk of unbearable
pain. Her thigh muscles contracted fiercely, pulling her bottom
up off the table. Her breasts swung back and forth as she writhed
about. From behind the ball gag a desperate whine could be heard.
Her pussy turned pale for a short instant before flushing red.

But best of all, Jenny produced a loud, drawn out
"Quaaaaaaaaaaaack!" from her nether regions. Obviously the
intense pain Jenny was experiencing in her pussy caused her to
clench her bottom quite tightly indeed.

It would be hard to exaggerate how amusing this was. The whole
family was convulsed with laughter as Jenny continued to send
gradually quieter and shorter quacking sounds vibrating from her
bumhole while her pelvis writhed obscenely.

After the quacking died down, Timmy said, "Jenny, you are getting
a total of ten spanks on your pussy."

Jenny shook head and whimpered, her eyes pleading with Timmy for
mercy. Her arms pulled at the ropes binding them.

"That is, you're getting a minimum of ten. See, this is another
opportunity for you to exercise self-discipline as well as your
math skills. After each swat, I'll wait for a few seconds for you
to get a hold on yourself and then I'll say, Count!' That will be
your cue to give exactly the number of quacks as the number of
spanks you've had. If you don't quack at all I'll give you the
last stroke over again. If you quack too few times, I'll take
that as the count. But if you quack too many times, we start
over. Understand? Ok, count!"

Jenny was a quick learner. She dutifully squeezed her lovely
teenage bottom and entertained us with a short, soft, "quack".
Again we all responded with a laugh, but before the laughing was
over, Timmy raised the strap again and

Whap! "QUAAAAAACK!! QUAAAACK!!" Louder than before, as Jenny's
whole body gyrated in anguish and her pussy again became briefly
pale and then red again.

Timmy waited until the agonized whines and the quacking had died
down a bit before he said, "Count!"

Somehow Jenny managed to eek out two pitiful little quacks.

"Hmm, you really should make them louder, Jenny, but we'll accept
it this time."

Whap! "QUAAAAAAACK! QUAAAAAAACK! QUAAAAACK!"

It took Timmy about a minute to recover from the intense laughing
fit that he was thrown into. By that time Jenny had quieted down
a bit and she was able to hear Timmy.

"Count!" he ordered her.

Again Jenny managed to keep the correct count, although she
almost didn't add the third quack, probably afraid of going over
the mark and giving Timmy the excuse to start over again.

Jenny managed to keep count surprisingly well, considering the
mental and physical anguish she was experiencing. Occasionally
she undercounted by one. As the count increased, so did the
volume and length of the involuntary quacks and whines that were
produced after each stinging kiss of the strap. And so did the
redness of her plump, pouting pussy.

At last the tenth stroke arrived, delivered with special gusto,
producing a long, drawn out "QUACCKKKKK!" Jenny writhed and
quacked and mewed behind her pantie gag. Timmy waited a little
while and said, "Count!"

Jenny seemed to have lost her concentration. She started quacking

"Quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack quack "

After the ninth quack, she hesitated. Timmy was just about to
accept nine as the count and give her another stroke, when

"Quack ."

A look of disappointment crossed Timmy's face, as he realized
that Jenny had correctly counted the tenth stroke, but

"Quack " a meek, soft little quack, but it meant her doom!

"Oooops! Too bad, Jenny, you counted too many that time."

Her eyes widened pleadingly.

"So we have to start over."

"Quack! QUAACKK!! Whine!!!"

"Ohh, you don't want us to?"

"QUACCCK! Mew!" Trying desperately to close her well-spread
thighs.

"Tell you what, just to show I'm a nice guy, I won't make you
count for these next ten, so you can be sure that that's all
you're going to get. Aren't you glad?"

"Mmmmf!! Quackkk!"

I don't think she was agreeing with him!

Whap! Another smart stroke, and with a strangled groan and quack,
the girl fainted!

One household item that is very useful to have around when a
young culprit is undergoing any kind of serious discipline,
Professor, is smelling salts. We had used them earlier with great
success and this time it was a simple matter to bring the young
lovely thing back to consciousness, albeit a bit confused
consciousness.

Timmy gave her enough time to remember where she was, to see the
strap, to realize its connection with her, and

Whap!

Well, to make a long story short, Jenny fainted on the fifth,
eighth and tenth strokes, but in between she provided us with
what could be called one of the greatest shows on earth. It is a
marvelous thing that a girl whose pussy is being strapped ( or
paddled, or ?? ) responds with motions that are very like those
of a girl in the throes of sexual ecstasy, with plenty of hip
thrusting. This is both amusing and diverting to watch, and also
adds fuel to the urge to punish, because it seems to the punisher
that the culprit is being naughty and willful.

Timmy delivered the ten strokes in an admirably severe and
professional manner, and, in between Jenny's faints, we were
treated to the shrillest of muffled shrieks, the most abandoned
of gyrations, the most obscene of bumps and grinds, the most
mighty of clinchings of girlish buttocks, the wildest swinging of
breasts, and the most strident of quacks. It was as if the girl
used her fainting spells to store up energy.

The tenth stroke was an especially nasty one, and Jenny's extra
loud quack followed by a faint was no surprise. We all
congratulated Timmy on a job well done while Jenny lay there,
unconscious, with her red swollen pussy testifying to the
severity of her punishment.

The rather quick and rough withdrawal of the quacker from Jenny's
distended and tender anus by Dave brought her to her senses and,
after the pantie gag was removed, she wept and moaned and would
not be consoled, even though we pointed out how fortunate she was
to have come under our care and to have been given such careful
attention. How often the patient is ungrateful to the diligent
physician!

In vain we tried to cheer her by pointing out how well the color
of her cunt had been improved, how much cuter it looked in its
now more swollen condition. She seemed deaf to our guarantees
that she would be as good as new in a week or two, but could only
sob and moan and stare in horror at her ruby red treasure.

Timmy and Nancy released young Jenny from her bonds and helped
her into a sitting position. It seemed to be very important to
Jenny to keep her legs apart, most likely to avoid putting
unnecessary pressure on the tender organ between them. We helped
her slide of the table onto very unsteady legs. Dave and I each
grabbed an upper arm and with this aid she was able to manage to
walk, although in an extremely bowlegged fashion. This rather
amusing picture brought sniggers and giggles from Nancy and
Timmy.

Finally we deposited the poor naked girl on her bed and left her
to her own devices. We all then went to bed, but I can assure you
that it was a long time before Dave and I actually slept, and I
imagine that Nancy and Timmy were awake for quite awhile as well!

We let Jenny sleep late the next morning, if that's what she was
doing, and we didn't even peep on her. She had gone through an
admittedly harsh treatment and we felt she deserved some time to
herself. Timmy was a bit disappointed. He pointed out that after
Jenny's bottom was attended to she was forced to spend the next
day displaying it and having it slapped and that the same was
true after her titty treatment, so, he argued, she should now be
forced to spend the day displaying her colorful pussy and being
goosed whenever anyone felt like goosing her. Timmy was fondly
recalling the fun he had giving Nancy a similar treatment, as
readers of our first letter will remember.

I had to admit he had a point, so we agreed that, while we would
allow Jenny to be unmolested until noon, that Timmy could have
his wish and his way with her for the afternoon.

It was apparent to Dave and I, now, that administering Jenny's
demerit punishments was really out of the question for this
visit. She really wasn't in any condition to receive them, and we
agreed to put them off until Thanksgiving vacation. We certainly
never considered letting her off - it was vitally important for
our treatment method that any disobedience or other ill behavior
during punishment must result in very harsh consequences. You may
be sure that Jenny would be in for quite a time, and we would
also make sure that she knew that we weren't finished with her.
The anticipation was sure to have a beneficial effect.

All of us felt some disappointment at this, because we HAD been
looking forward to exercising our creativity on the dear girl
even more than we had so far, but we took comfort in realizing
how much better it would be to have a "fresh" victim to torment,
one that wasn't still suffering from the aftermath of her
previous sessions.

And, in case any of you were wondering, that afternoon was very
enjoyable as everyone in the family made a point of giving Jenny
a jolly good time. Jenny was made to remain nude and to present
herself in the "hamster in heat" position of command, with the
addition requirement that her legs be wide spread. You probably
never saw a girl who hated being goosed as much as Jenny did that
day!

That night we made Jenny pose on her bed in the hamster position
and told her we were going to give her some "medicine" to help
her on the road to recovery. I suppose that wasn't totally
honest, because what we gave her has a suppository containing a
potent shot of Tobasco sauce. The poor girl must have spent
fifteen minutes running bow legged around the house in agonized
panic, at times even trying to rub her burning bottom hole on the
floor, much to our extreme amusement!

The next day her parents came to pick her up. Before they did, we
took great pleasure in reminding Jenny that she still had her
demerit session to go through, and we took great pains to make
sure she understood that it would be at least as bad as, if not
worse than, what she had already experienced. Predictably, she
begged us to let her off any further punishment and promised
fervently to never be bad again.

That night Jenny's parents returned and we all ate popcorn and
watched some very interesting videos. Neither parent seemed to
mind at all the intensity of the discipline. In fact they both
seemed excited and intrigued. This didn't bode very well for
Jenny's future!

As I write this, Thanksgiving is next week, and there is great
excitement in our household. We have a wonderfully full visit
planned for Jenny. By the way, it appears that our treatment has,
so far, been a success. There have been no further incidents of
stealing. It's still early to say for sure that there has been a
cure, because it's very possible that Jenny is being careful to
avoid giving us cause to increase her punishments this coming
holiday.

So, Professor, and dear readers, I will end this very long letter
with a promise of a thorough reporting of Jenny's upcoming
demerit session.

Signed,

A Strict Mom

