Megatron had worn out every curse, in every language he knew by the time Prime came for him. Red Alert was on the verge of a processor crash if his muttering and mumbling was any clue, and only adding to Megatron’s foul mood.

The past two weeks had been eventful. Starscream was running energy raids every few days. A number were a success, much to Megatron’s dismay, but his troops did need fuel whether he was there or not. That wasn’t really the source of Megatron’s frayed temper, but it was far easier to focus on his blasted Second in Command than the heat playing havoc with his systems.

Prime had been injured, and for a moment before the smoke cleared, Megatron had been worried. He had no more wish to be owned by Motormaster than Starscream. Prime was dinged, but it was Motormaster being hauled away by his gestalt mates as Starscream called the retreat. And Megatron’s systems had surged while watching Prime return fire for the parting shot Wildrider nearly hit him with.

This was all too familiar. Megatron could remember how the shows of power and dominance his old master had put on had affected him. It was part of the coding. Megatron had hated it then, and he hated it now.

But before he had never had an escalating need for the overloads.

Less than a full day, and Megatron was in need of what would be his third overload. It had begun as three days, now he could barely resist for a mere twelve hours.

Prime unlocked the door, and Megatron entered the room without meeting his optics.

“It’s getting worse,” Prime said, voice low in that way it always was when this subject came up.

Megatron narrowed his optics in a furious glare, but said nothing. He noticed a slight tremor in his hand when Prime handed him his evening energon, and would have crushed the cube if not for his orders not to break anything.

“You’re shaking.”

Megatron growled, and consumed his energon in one long pull.

Prime sighed, and pinched the bridge of his nose. Megatron was getting particularly tired of that. “It seems impractical for a slave to need so much attention from their master. What are we doing wrong?” he muttered, and turned away to pace a bit. Megatron grit his teeth, and managed to resist answering directly. The question sounded rhetorical, and he held that thought at the forefront of his mind as the punishing discomfort scraped his already raw circuits.

Prime sighed again. “May as well get on the berth. You need it, there’s no point in letting you suffer.”

Megatron resisted until he risked overheating, then obeyed. He knew what he really needed, but he hated it. It was a pain he had never quite managed to defeat, and his first master had taken particular delight in making sure he was as rough as possible with him. Prime was large and strong, no sense denying that. If he was proportionate, Megatron’s screams were going to shake the Ark tonight.

Prime watched him with an optic ridge arched. “Tell me what I’m doing wrong.”

Lying on the berth, Megatron ground out, “A slave submits to his master’s pleasure.”

“Submits?” Prime stared at him for a moment in silence, then said, “Open.” He sat on the edge of the berth, hand hesitating a moment in a way it had not since the first time.

One of Prime’s fingertips slid over Megatron’s valve. Disgusted to the point of his tank rolling dangerously, Megatron stifled a gasp at the unwanted pleasure of that light touch. It had been a very long time since it had been touched. He didn’t like touching his valve himself, and had never allowed a lover to go anywhere near it. He was shaking harder now though, and could feel as Prime’s finger moved easier through the lubricant seeping out.

“You need a valve overload?” 

Megatron grit his teeth, growling and repeating, “A slave submits to his master’s pleasure.”

Prime nodded, and his finger pressed a little more firmly, the tip entering Megatron’s valve, moving in and out. “Try to relax. I’ll make this good for you.”

“Slaggit, Prime! It’s supposed to be good for you! Fragging idiot Autobot!”

Prime’s optic ridges shot up, and Megatron continued to snarl invectives. Prime’s quiet, “Oh,” made Megatron roll his optics. He stared at the ceiling, and fell silent as Prime’s fingers continued to move within him, teasing sensor nodes Megatron hadn’t even remembered he had.

Prime carried on so long, Megatron began to wonder if he was just going to overload him this way. It would buy him a little time perhaps, but no longer than the handjobs to his spike had. Eventually they would be right back here, and he would have to let Prime spike him.

He gasped, barely restraining a sound of protest as Prime’s hand drew away. The click of his panel opening left Megatron fighting old fear again. Hatred rose, as did an accompanying fury as he spread his legs wider to accommodate Prime. As Prime paused over him, Megatron resisted the urge to beg for it as he had been made to before. If Prime wanted that, he’d slagging well have to order it.

“Are you sure you want this?”

Megatron growled low in his chest. It physically hurt to fight the compulsion to answer, but he would not say yes. Instead he snarled out, “Need it.” That wasn’t much better, but he’d be damned if he would admit to wanting Optimus Prime’s spike in his valve!

He was braced for the pain, jaw clenched, optics turned away as he brought all his control to bear. There was some discomfort, but it was not pain. Prime was entering him slowly, a breath hissing out, and sounding suspiciously like, “Primus!” Megatron blinked, and let his body relax. Prime sank the rest of the way in with a gasp, tucking his face into Megatron’s neck.

There was the soft whirr of gears, then a mouth on Megatron’s neck. Prime’s hips hitched back and pressed forward, his tongue teasing Megatron’s main energon line. He was shocked into a pleasured moan as Prime continued to kiss and suck all along his neck.

Angry and embarrassed at his reaction, Megatron wrestled his control back despite Prime’s hands managing to touch every sensitive spot on his body, his mouth still hot on Megatron’s neck. He growled, “The slave is supposed to please the master. What the frag are you doing?”

A soft purr rumbled out of Prime. “And do you know what pleases me?”

“No!” Megatron snapped, and cursed as he shivered in reaction to the slow slide of Prime’s spike as he pushed back in.

“I said I would make this good for you.”

Prime rolled his hips, rocking against Megatron rather than thrusting, and Megatron swore again. “Soft-sparked, do-gooder, Autobot!” Prime, damn his composure, continued to roll and thrust in that languid pace he had chosen to torture Megatron with.

What was worse was how good it felt. Megatron knew that interfacing didn’t hurt all valves, but until now he was fairly sure it would always hurt his. Shame for his fear cooled his arousal, but not for long. Prime’s hand wandered down and behind Megatron’s knee, lifting his leg out just a little, fingers dipping in to toy with the wires there. It all coalesced, and before Megatron could brace himself for it, his overload was tearing through his body. He buried his face in Prime’s neck, gasping, valve clenching, hips bucking.

It was a moment before he realized Prime hadn’t stopped.

“Beautiful,” Prime murmured, nipping his way along Megatron’s jaw line. “Don’t hide from me,” he whispered when Megatron clutched his shoulders and did indeed try to hide.

Prime caught his hands, lacing their fingers together and pinning Megatron’s hands over his head. He was surprised by this new aggression, and braced again for pain as Prime’s pace picked up.

“Beautiful,” Prime whispered again, then his mouth was on Megatron’s, tongue demanding entry, and Megatron found himself returning it, moaning in time to the plunging thrusts of Prime’s spike.

He wrenched his mouth away, humiliation burning, but doing nothing to stop him from matching Prime’s now driving rhythm.

“Don’t hide from me,” Prime whispered. “Please, don’t hide.”

It was an order no matter how Prime might mean it, and Megatron had no choice but to stop burrowing his face into his arm. He couldn’t seem to stop his moans or gasps either, only barely managing to restrain himself from begging. Even then Please, please, please! was a litany within his mind. He wrapped his legs around Prime’s, arching, cries getting louder as his overload began to creep across his circuits.

It struck in a wave of ecstasy that made him shout, head thrashing from side to side, before his back bowed right off the berth. Prime burrowed in, and bit Megatron’s neck, purring out a moan so low, so satisfied, Megatron whimpered in reaction. Aftershocks ricocheted from his valve out, making him gasp and shiver.

Prime all but collapsed on top of him, cooling vents working hard, then gently withdrew and flopped to the side, panting.

Megatron’s mind reeled. He could hear his own labored breathing, and the shame rose again. His face heated in humiliation. He’d reacted to Prime spiking him like a well-programmed pleasure drone!

There was something else though, and he wasn’t sure if it was worse or not. His old master would make him beg for every agonizing overload before telling him to do it. Prime had sent him over twice - Hard - by the act of interfacing alone. There was something about being forced, being ordered to beg for the overload, then being ordered to do so, that seemed like… less of a betrayal of his self, than finding true pleasure in his master’s touch.

His tanks roiled, and only the determination to not make any larger a fool of himself, kept Megatron from purging his tanks.

Slagging soft-sparked, idiot of an Autobot! He couldn’t even properly take pleasure in his worst enemy’s enslavement! No! He had to try to be noble! Kind! The fragging aft-headed moron!

Prime sighed, this time in what could only be contentment, stretched, then rolled off the berth. A gentle touch brushed over Megatron’s arm. “I’m going to clean up.”

Megatron watched him walk into the washracks without comment. He was too disgustedly sated to even drudge up a suitable glower.