Tarrant hooks his thumbs into his trouser pockets to keep himself from reaching out to the door, to stop it from closing behind Alice and locking her into her own heart... alone. Not that he fears what she might find there – and with any luck he’ll only be a hop, skip, and a jump away! – but she had looked dreadfully pale and nervous and he had watched her sleep last night and that image of her (looking so young and vulnerable in her slumber) makes him want to protect her despite the fact that this woman had slain a Jabberwocky without any help from him (aside from the one moment she had tumbled and lost her sword, but really that doesn’t count!) and he knows she can take care of herself but he... he...

He misses her already.

Without permission, his hand reaches out to the door...

But too late.

It settles back into its frame and the lock clicks. Their Key returns to its up-right and just-inserted position.

Tarrant sighs. Now, the only way to ensure Alice – his wife! – is all right is to follow her... indirectly. He redirects his hand to the Key without pausing for thought or breath or courage, and twists it to the left. As it had when Alice had nudged it to the right, it clicks softly and then the door eases open.

He steps across the shadowy threshold and allows the portal to close behind him, knowing that once the door has closed his path can only go in one direction: forward. Just like with an actual heart, the path Out can never be the same as the path In. The sound of the door settling into its frame calls forth a gentle light and Tarrant discovers that he is standing in a breezeway. There, on the scratched and scuffed plastered-over earthen wall is a hook. Beside that is a slightly-out-of-fashion hat rack. There is also a humble bench with a shoehorn laid across the worn-at-the-corners cushion.

Well. This seems rather straightforward.

He removes his hat and hangs it up. He shrugs out of his jacket and places it on the brass hook. He sets aside the shoehorn and takes a seat, unlacing the red strings in his battered shoes. He tucks them under the bench and sits up. As he does, he notices that, to the left, a very solid-looking, aged wooden door has appeared. It is not a rectangular wooden door as it fits snuggly into a stone-block wall into which a doorway with a pointed arch has been masoned.

“Hello,” he says to the door. Its brass latches, bolts, and hinges do not reply.

“Ah. The strong and silent type,” he deduces.

Standing, Tarrant considers the door, then turns around. As he’d suspected, the door through which he had entered – the door with one lock but two ways to pass through it – has disappeared. Returning his attention to the stately yet somewhat medieval portal before him, Tarrant removes his eye glasses from his vest pocket, slides them onto his nose, and inspects it. It seems silly to knock on the door to his own heart and there is nothing to indicate a Proper Procedure that must be minded, so he merely puts his hand on the latch and, with a nudge from his shoulder, the door swings open.

What he sees beyond is...

He reaches up and removes his eye glasses. They will not be required here.

The room in which he finds himself is multi-faceted. He counts the walls. Twelve. There are twelve walls each rising at least three stories above his head. At the corner of each, a buttress arches toward the center of the sharply angled ceiling and supports a chandelier of brass and glowing crystal. The light is nearly as bright as that which comes from each of the slender Archer’s windows set in pairs nose-high along each stone wall. There are no tapestries. There is no hearth. The warmth in the room seems to come from the illuminated crystals high above.

He turns in a circle, taking in the rugs beneath his feet into which familiar scenes had been woven. There is the day he’d made his first hat with no assistance from his uncle whatsoever. And here is the moment he’d first jumped from the Crimson Cliffs and dived into the sea on a dare from his older cousin, Michener. And over there... well, that looks like the time he’d kept his mother company over tea while they had waited for his father to return home from his journey to the Outlands...

There are many, many more memories – old ones – in the rugs beneath his stockinged feet. He wanders the room, re-remembering each, marveling at how they are part of the foundation here in this room that his heart had built.

The furniture is also full of memories. There is his grandmother’s Tum Tum wood rocking chair, in which his mother had been rocked to sleep as a wee bairn and in which she had in turn rocked him. Beside it is the wardrobe his father’s father had given Tarrant’s parents as a wedding present. And that cabinet... Tarrant had scratched his initials in it with his father’s best tailor’s shears. The bed is the one he’d slept in every day of his life... until he had earned his position in the White Queen’s Court. The quilt upon it had been crafted by his Aunt Mellithia and the afghan had been knitted by his uncle Theider.

His family is here, he sees. In each stick of wood, in each worn stretch of brocade, in each metal fastening... they are all here with him. Everyone is here, except the most important person.

Tarrant looks up at the sound of something slowly clicking and clacking. There is no clock in the room (by why would there be given his history with Time?) and even if there were, it would have to be a monumental time piece to make that sort of racket. He follows the sound to a door set three walls away from the door he had used to enter his Room. He looks over his shoulder to check and... yes. That door has also disappeared. But of course. One cannot go out the same way in which one had entered. Not according to the Ins and Outs of the Heart.

He jogs over to the only door, throws it open, and...

… and stares at the iron portcullis slowly being lifted up. This, he decides, is a well-guarded threshold, indeed. Perhaps for a reason! Tarrant considers the solid strength of the doors, the brass hinges, the iron lattice of the portcullis...

Yes, in all of these memories, he had nearly forgotten: there is something he must keep locked away, isn’t there? He must keep his Madness from injuring Alice, and that would be so very easy to do here, in this place where their hearts are meant to come together, where there are meant to be no barriers of substance between them.

He startles as something white billows softly behind him. He turns, wondering if his thoughts have somehow summoned the Madness and if so he had better get that portcullis back down posthaste! The gears that are lifting it – the gears he cannot see, oddly enough... perhaps they are invisible or within the wall itself – stop moving. The portcullis stops halfway up the doorway, waiting for his next command, waiting to crash down or continue inching upward.

Tarrant swallows thickly and takes a step toward the sheet that – strangely – he had not noticed until it had drawn his attention. It is draped over what appears to be a metal dress frame. The size of the linen sheet is such that the object is completely covered, from top to stone floor.

He fists his shaking hands. He thinks he knows what is under this pale covering. It is his Darkest Secret. The only secret he would not willingly share with Alice, with anyone. It draws him closer, as if it is the North Star and he is a compass needle, and before he knows it, his hand is gripping the white sheet. With one tug, he could uncover this secret. Face it.

The sheet billows again in his grasp, lifts slightly off the stone floor and he glimpses the tattered hem of a familiarly patterned, fruit juice splattered gingham dress, and just beneath it a tangle of soft, white fabric – the froth of petticoats and bloomers – stained with something too dark to be rust...

He drops the sheet and stumbles back. Yes, he knows what this secret is. This is the secret of his Madness and what he fears it might drive him to do... to Alice, his wife, his friend... She trusts him when she should not! He has lost himself in his Madness before, in a haze of need so fierce he cannot be sure he would not have forced himself on her had she been present when it had descended over him.

But, he reminds himself, he has not come close to forcing himself on Alice. No, he hasn’t. And that fact must remain unchanged. The presence of his Darkest Secret in his Room – in his Heart – will serve as a reminder. The Madness will not overpower him again. He will not risk Alice’s trust, her safety, her happiness.

He. Will. Not.

And then, with that declaration, the weight of an accusatory stare he had not consciously noticed before that moment... dissolves, lifts, evaporates. He is able to notice the beauty of the room and the pureness of the light around him. The sheet-covered dress form is still there, but he sees it only out of the corner of his eye. He does not turn around and confront it again. He is not yet ready for that. But he is ready to see his wife, to welcome her into his Heart formally and officially. Once she is here, this secret will not seem so overwhelming and dark. Alice is his Light. From the moment she had returned to Underland on Griblig Day, she had begun helping him to build this room, to save only the best memories from his past and put them in their proper place and in their proper perspective. She has filled his heart with so much hope and faith that the ceilings of his room have grown skyward to hold it all.

Everything will be fine, he reminds himself. He is Alice’s husband and she wants him and there is no reason for the Madness to gain control of him now. There is no fear, no anger, no pain to feed it. Everything is fine, will be fine!

A sharp clang shatters the peaceful silence that thrums with his determination. Tarrant turns toward the open doorway and watches as the metal grating resumes its interrupted motion and is raised higher and higher. Finally, when only the pointed ends of the portcullis shadow the top of the pointed-arch doorway, he takes a moment to look beyond his own threshold and has to clamp a hand over his mouth to keep from braying with laughter. Just as he’d hoped, Alice’s door – a roughly and recently hewn wooden door with hammered wrought iron metalwork – is but a hop over a shimmering moat, a skip across a cobblestone-laid corridor, and a death-defying jump over what looks like a rocky ravine the depth of a rabbit hole.

He sincerely hopes she’ll be addressing that rather intimidating deterrent to visitors soon!

Tarrant glances down at the shimmering, deep blue moat that runs along the length of the corridor, lapping against the wall.

“A bridge would be useful,” he observes, but none appears at his request. He frowns. “Perhaps next time...” Yes, perhaps on their next visit to their Rooms, there might be a bridge for Alice to cross safely to his door.

He turns his attention to the hallway. The corridor itself is straight although Tarrant’s room on the other side of the wall is most assuredly not. This makes perfect sense to him – although two things share one point (or, in this case, a wall) in common, one cannot expect them to conform to each other – but he makes a note ask Alice what her thoughts are on the matter. Alice never fails to entertain him with the utter contrariness of her way of thinking and this seems to be just the sort of thing she would find quite interesting and noteworthy. With that evaluated and properly cataloged for later discussion, he focuses his attention on something far more relevant.

Down the right end of the hall, Tarrant sees an ornate wooden, white-painted door. Obviously, this is the way back to the castle and Marmoreal, back to the fourth floor hall in the Round Turret of the West Wing. The door at the other end of the hall, however...

Tarrant grins. He has no idea where this ivy-covered iron gate goes, but he has a suspicion as to what must be on the other side. And if this door opens... well. Things will be looking very... progressive indeed!

He lets out a breath and turns back to the door to Alice’s Heart. It is still closed. He supposes he could call out to her, but... no. Alice’s curiosity will lead her to it... eventually. And besides, they do have all day.

Tarrant does not even consider having a seat in the old rocking chair in his room. He crosses his arms and leans against the door jamb. He does his best to distract himself from the half-formed fear of Alice – deeply in the grip of her Curiosity – barreling out her door and tripping into that horrible ravine that exists in place of a doorstep!

He is not sure how long he waits, how long he contemplates the evidence that Alice’s heart is untested: the door is basic (Dare he hope she has never had her heart broken before?) and the ravine is quite literal (Alice does tend to keep people at a distance until she knows them better!) and there is no portcullis over her door. (But she does not have any monsters to cage, does she?)

Tarrant worries about that. He has not seen any evidence of the Madness itself, only his fear of it... but it must be lurking somewhere. He would like to think it cannot enter his heart, but he fears it is an indivisible part of him. It is here... somewhere. Perhaps hiding in his own shadow, thus he can never quite catch it. He debates, briefly, warning Alice about it... It might be wise... unless the act of warning her calls it forth...

He feels himself frowning fiercely as he debates this. So fiercely that he startles when Alice’s door creaks open.

“Alice! Stop!” he calls just as she moves to take a step over the threshold while gaping at him, then turning her gaze upward to the ceiling and paying attention to everything but the one thing she ought to be minding most carefully – just as he’d feared! He hops over the narrow moat and skips across the cobblestones and holds out his arms, ready to grab her, but she obeys the urgent note in his voice. She freezes, one foot just hovering over the threshold of her door, and he deliberately points one finger downward. She follows it with her gaze and gasps. Her foot is quickly pulled back to join its counterpart.

“You’ll have to hop over it, I’m afraid,” he informs her.

With a nod, she backs up a step, bracing herself in the open doorway to her Heart, and leaps into his arms. Of course he feels better immediately to have her warm and real presence with him again, but – naturally – Alice being Alice, she complains, “I left the door open.”

“As did I,” he reassures her. “And as there are only the two of us here and I promise not to do so without your permission, I don’t think you’ll have to worry about who might sneak into your Heart while you’re away.”

She snorts softly. “Good point.” And then she frowns. “But I started a fire in the grate...”

“Where it shall continue burning pleasantly until you get back around to tending to it,” he explains patiently. “Fires do tend to get rather temperamental if one plays with them too much. Sometimes it’s best to let them cool off for a bit.”

“Oh, all... right,” she replies and with no other immediate concerns on her mind, looks into his eyes.

They are standing very close, he suddenly realizes. She is still pressed against his chest and his arms are still locked around her and she makes no move to put the necessary distance between them. He sighs, reluctantly ceding to the demands of Responsibility. They are still courting, after all. He should not permit himself to press against her thus.

Tarrant loosens his arms and leans back. Alice doesn’t let go of him completely, however, as she looks back over her shoulder at the crevasse running along her side of the corridor. “Why is that there?”

“The same reason there’s a moat over here,” he informs her. “So that no one can force their way into your Heart without your invitation. Obviously, you would have to open your heart to them so that they could enter safely and, in that case, it would hardly be forcing, would it?”

Alice gives him a wan smile and then looks over his shoulder. Her eyes widen and her body tenses. Tarrant tightens his arms around her, wonders if she can see... can sense...

He prepares himself, ready to toss her across the ravine and through the open door to her own Heart in the event that what had snagged her attention is the very thing that he fears: the Madness.

“Why is there a portcullis over your door?”

He lets out the breath he’d been holding. “The portcullis... yes. Perhaps a necessary precaution given my predilection to... er, being Mad.”

“But why do you keep it – the Madness, er, yourself – locked up so tightly! You’ve never hurt anyone!”

“And I wish to ensure that that fact remains unchanged.”

Alice looks at him with sad eyes, but drops the subject.

For a long moment, they simply stare at each other. Tarrant feels his arms tighten around her waist and her hands shift against his shoulders, one migrating into his frizzy hair and the other curling around the back of his neck. “Thank you,” he says before his lips can think of something far more adventuresome and naughty to do, “for your Leap of Faith, Alice.”

“I told you I trusted you,” she reminds him.

“You did,” he acknowledges. Clearing his throat, Tarrant unwinds his arms from around her and gently pulls her hands away. “Would you like to come in for a visit? You may decline, of course...”

“Don’t be silly. Of course I’d like to see your Room.”