"When you love someone you just know."
- Janice Markowitz -
Ben walked in, holding the box high and setting it onto the only clear part of the floor in Riley's office.
Living in an old colonial-era home meant lots of space, rooms that they would rarely enter and ones that they stuck to. The Great Room, for instance, was (Riley figured) meant to be more formal and proper; they had laptops, televisions, and DVD racks on one side, papers, open books, and other research paraphernalia on the other.

Two of the upstairs bedrooms had been converted for offices; Ben's antique desk and cherry woods a stark contrast to the metal and glass Riley liked. A third bedroom was filled to the brim with his computers and electronics, wires still jammed in rubber totes while he decided where they would go for him to access quickly.

He grinned at his lover, who was totally emerged in his unpacking and touched the back of Riley's neck, kissing his scalp then nabbing the pen from his grip.

Last box.

It had taken them an extra day to get through everything, but neither had minded the extra fees attached to having the U-Haul still at the house. Ben was more than willing to pay the money given what he had learned each time Riley picked something up, holding it cupped in hand and then would launch into an animated story with fingers flying. Hearing new things about his life growing up had soothed the rough edges of his mental picture for Riley, took away the mysterious parts that Ben had worried Riley would always keep bottled inside.

There was still some amazement on Ben's part that Riley had managed on his own for so long, yet was adjusting so well to sharing a bed and a home. He wondered why and how, leaving it be when he saw the smile that graced Riley's lips.

With a wicked look to his eyes, his lover said, "So... we could celebrate my being fully moved in one of two ways."

"Two, huh? I know one's pizza... What could the other be?" Ben replied with a laugh, the mock-annoyed face Riley made amusing him further.

After a moment, he leaned in to kiss Riley, tongues gentle against each other. He loved their kisses, the way they never seemed awkward, the way they never seemed strange. Always perfect and Ben reveled in the feel when Riley would assert some control, trying to take command of the kiss. It wasn't a need for dominance or submission, only the fulfillment of an urge.

He tugged at Riley's shirt edge, yanking it up enough to reach skin and running his fingers from navel to spine while he tilted his head just enough to extend their kiss as Riley reached out for his lover. He tugged the black zip-up off of Ben with his gray tee following, flinging them out of reach.

With a happy whimper, the younger man trailed a line from jaw to neck, laving attention on that spot behind Ben's ear only to be pushed away.

"Bed."

Not needing to be told twice, Riley smiled and took off for the master bedroom, laughing as he undressed and knowing that Ben was right behind him, laughing just the same. He'd never found himself enjoying sex as much as he did with Ben; it was not uncommon for either one of them to smirk and smile and laugh heartily in the middle of it.

Ben managed, when Riley got his pants caught around his ankles, to get into the room first, sliding in and crawling into bed, scrounging around for the lube he knew was there. He had finally found the bottle when a weight joined him, warm and heavy at his back and Riley's cock wedged to his ass. Lips and tongue trailed down his spine, lower and lower, licking at the small of Ben's back, something that made him thrust forward into empty air.

It was a few more minutes before Ben could open his eyes and drag Riley up and over, laying with chests touching – their favorite position. With Riley on top, Ben could communicate easier and reach more of his lover's body; Riley often lost himself to sensation when Ben stroked a flank, tickled lightly at his belly, dragged blunt nails along the sweet rise of his ass.

They traded kisses once more, moving against each other and Riley shifted, sitting up and straddling Ben, making little aroused noises in his throat. A rhythm developed: the push and pull of their hips in time with their kisses, the creaking of the bed a dull sound in their ears.

Hands stretched and Ben adjusted Riley's thighs, edging his knees forward which forced Riley's weight further onto Ben and then slick fingers were pressing against his ass, rubbing against his opening. It was Ben's personal form of teasing, knowing Riley would grow agitated if he lingered too long, enjoying the trembling of his lover, aware that it was from pleasure rather than frustration.

One fingertip slid forward, a pressure more than anything else, then retracted. Ben nodded toward the pillows as a warning before Ben put his hands on Riley's legs, sat up, and propelled both of them backwards to the pillows. Propped on the headboard he was more reclining than sitting – exactly want he wanted.

Another kiss began, both smiling into it, and Ben's fingers crept back.

He'd learned that most of Riley's former partners hadn't gone for the slow approach and admittedly, there were already a handful of times that they hadn't been so methodical, but Riley seemed to truly appreciate and enjoy when they took their time. Oh, Ben knew there would be plenty of occurrences when fast and hard would supercede slow and tender, fucking instead of making love. It was in their nature; Riley liked it though and that was what made Ben most content: seeing the blissed look on his face, the way the younger man would curl up around him after and nuzzle lazily at him.

By the time two fingers had started scissoring and stretching, Riley was groaning and bearing down, stuttered thrusts down when Ben got a stroke over his prostate. He was licking dry lips and hands gripping Ben's shoulders, never having to ask for more when the fingers came away.

Riley couldn't hear the rip of the condom packet but the loss of one sense had heightened the rest: he could smell the latex, the cheap lube the company used. Batting Ben's own hands out of the way, Riley lifted himself up off his lover and rolled the condom down with ease, breathing for a moment. He needed to relax, worked up and wanting, and he felt Ben's gentling strokes on his face and neck, the way he was silently telling Riley to take his time.

Sensing the change once more in Riley, Ben reached down to hold his cock in one hand and steady his lover with the other. "Easy," he muttered to himself; it wasn't easy to resist pulling Riley down or thrusting up even though barely a minute passed between his cock nudging Riley's entrance and being fully seated.

They laid there for a minute, adjusting, before Riley moved and then Ben was pushing up in counterpoint. Riley was sure he whimpered when Ben rolled them, never withdrawing, until Riley was comfortable beneath his partner and his legs wrapped tight around Ben's waist.

Ben started to sit back, to use the change in position to see if he could get Riley's prostate, but Riley had looped his clasped hands around Ben's neck and didn't seem to want to let go. "Riley," Ben's voice was low, nearly a growl and though his lipreading hadn't improved too much (Riley preferred to say it sucked), he could make out his name easily enough.

Grinning, Riley laid his hands on either side of Ben's face and yanked him down. A pair of rough kisses were traded, Ben breathing in a groan once or twice. When Riley started to pull away, his neck and back arching, Ben knew he'd found the spot and he swallowed harshly while trying to find it again. Riley's hands tangled in the top sheet, wrenching it toward him when Ben's rhythm changed.

Ben gradually slowed, wanting to lavish attention on more than just Riley's mouth, delightful as it was. His nipples did nothing for him, but Ben knew that wasn't the case for his neck, particularly if one nipped lightly at his adam's apple.

Then Riley growled at him, surprising Ben who wouldn't have expected that from his lover, and bucked up. He pulled at Ben in frustration; he'd been hard for hours, having noticed the tight pants Ben had opted for that morning went taut over his lover's ass when he bent over.

A handful more thrusts and Ben was gone, his eyes sparking white and his body freezing while he came down, kissing Riley over and over until he pulled out. He knelt up to admire the pink tinge to Riley's skin, the deep red of his cock and crawled backward until he could nose at Riley's balls.

Taking the head in his mouth, Ben hummed and hollowed his cheeks, using one hand to stroke the shaft. He licked at the underside, lowering his head and sucking suddenly causing Riley to thrust up. Ben lifted to avoid choking and licked at the tip, grinning when Riley slapped his hand down beside his lover, seconds before he came.

Ben kissed Riley as he all but fell out of the bed to grab a washcloth and cleaned them both, befuddled by the stray spot on his back when he looked in the mirror. He got back into bed, swiping away sweat and semen from Riley's belly, and sighed not really wanting to get up to put the cloth into the laundry basket. Riley's grip on his wrist stopped him mid-way.

His fingers curled, telling Ben, "I love you," as his eyes closed and he descended into slumber, content.
"I can see that life has been patiently
waiting for me, and I know there's no
guarantees, but I'm not alone."
- Rascal Flatts -