ORFANS

The Wayes at the Start

BY PENT

Note 6

When I first did come to take charge of the Great Orfanage in the
Winter of 1742 there was less than fiftie girls in buildings made
for five times that number; no infant had been admitted for the
past five year and more; and there was scarce enough of monies to
provide for two months of food and other necessaries. The girls
mostlie aged eight to twelve, and their minders also, all were in
low spirits.

I speedy had a curtain made of sacking to divide the great hall
into two parts with holes cut so a visitor seated on one side of
the curtain could see all that passed on the other.

No window did let daylight into the great hall on the side for
the visitors so it were near dark there and no visitor's face
could be distinguished from where the girls were to be punished.

Some thirty simple seats and small tables were placed for the
convenience of the visitors so they might see the girls being
punished with a cane and in other wayes.

A heavy table from the refectory was brought with bindings of
leather to hold the miscreant to it for punishment. Ropes also
hung from the beams to hold the hands of a girl high above her
head so she might dance to a caning.

I fast enlisted help from amongst my acquaintances in the coffee
houses of gentle men who did feel a charitable urge to assist my
labors in behalf of so many unfortunate orfan girls.

They agreed to give of their time to punish those orfans that did
need it, to be accompanied alway by caresses of soothing
forgiveness to show there be no ill will to the sweet girl
herself but onlie a desire to correct her wayes.

These good men knew full well that visitors would watch to marvel
at their labors, and mayhap also make gifts of monies to feed and
cloathe the girls and pay for coals to warm them if they did find
the punishments were to their liking and excite their feelings
toward the girls.

These friends did understand also that the future of each orfan
girl as a servant in a house did depend on shewing she will be
happie to suffer punishment and able to do whatever bidden for
the pleasure of her master and mistress.

I did ask the gentle men of the coffee houses to spred word to
their wives and friends that they might view the discipline
applied to the girls of the Great Orfanage and mayhap to see one
trained to their likings as a servant girl for their own
household when that she grew to twelve years of age or even
before.

The word did spred well and some five and twenty visitors did
come on the first morning and were seated by ten o'the clock
behind the simple curtain with its windows for observation.

The orfan girls to be punished had that morn been pumped with
clysters of warm water 'til they did run out clear, then scrubbed
in a hot tub to be well cleaned both inside and out and so ready
to suit whatever the wishes of their punishers.

For the first girl, Sir David H---- did enter with a linen coat
likely from his coachman in place of his street cloathes. He did
stand a minute to await the first miscreant and Mary did then
enter, a fair-haired blue-eyed girl of eight led by a minder.

Sir David did take the slate from the minder and read aloud:

"Mary you are age eight: You did fall asleep when meant to scrub
the floor of the kitchen scullery"

"Mary, is this true?"

"Yes Sir, I did Sir and I am truly sorry Sir. Please don't punish
me hard Sir", and she did look dolefull and begin to weep.

"I will punish you no harder than you deserve, Mary.

"Nurse, have Mary to bend over the table then pull up her arms
and tie her wrists to the table.

"Spread her ankles wide and tie them also to the legs of the
table.

"See that Mary can move but little, then raise her skirt so I
have her bottom bare".

When that Mary had been tied with soft leather thongs so her bare
bottom did face to the visitors:

"Thank you, nurse, and you may go now. I will ring to call you
when that I am done.

"Mary, I am about to used this cane on your bare bottom".

And he did swish the thin switch fiercely in the air above her
plump bottom still pink from the hot tub while she did squirm and
wriggle so to show her rosebud between her wide-spread legs to
all the visitors.

"I want you to count each stroke that I give to your bottom for
your punishment Mary and do it loud for all to hear or it will
not count as a stroke and I must give you more Mary. Now . . ."

CRACK, and a thin red line did straight show across Mary's nates.

"OhhhhhhhhhhhhhhAhhhhhhhhhhh . . . . One Sir" and young Mary did
wriggle mightily and pull hard at her bonds as she did thump her
cunnie against the table.

I was behind the curtain and saw indeed Sir David had struck Mary
quite gentle but enough for the thin cane to raise a red weal.

Mary knew well even at her tender age of eight what was needed to
please the visitors so to get good gifts from them for the Great
Orfanage.

But the pain of the cane on her younge bottom was indeed very
real to her and Mary did cry out loud and pull on her leather
bindings with all her might and hit the table with her cunnie to
ease her pain with nothing of pretense in it.

Sir David did wait 'til Mary's sobs and groans did lessen
somewhat, then did give her the next cut of the cane across her
tender younge bottom which made her to scream and struggle
against her leather bindings and made her to bang her cunnie oft
against the table to try lessen the pain and she did weep copious
tears.

Mary did sob and cry out loud and struggle mightilie and wrythe
her cunnie against the table at every cut of the cane across her
tender younge bottom, and every time Sir David did wait until her
sobs had died low before he gave her bottom another scarlet line
across her cheeks, and he did continue thus long and slow until
her cheeks was covered with wealds bright red and painful to see,
and until she did say:

"Ten Sir", when he did reply:

"Mary, I will stop now. I am sure you have been punished enough
that the remembrance will keep you awake whenever you scrub the
kitchen floor.

"I will rub your cheeks now so they will show little bruising by
the morrow".

Sir David did then take some grease to his hands and turn so the
visitors might see his fingers on Mary's bottom as he did most
gently rub her two cheeks that was covered with red stripes.

He did caress with his hands slow and soothing over all parts of
her nates and down between her legs, and the visitors saw that he
did especially stroke with his slipperie fingers on her pink
rosebud, at which Mary did most joyously wriggle her bottom and
giggle, all tears now long gone.

Those watching must have been put in mind of the seamen's adage:

Finger on at eight, Then in by ten: And years of bliss For
Captain and Ben.

It spoke equally for girls as for cabin boys, and all did see
that young Mary with her fair hair and blue eyes had the making
of a most willing and delightful accomplice to her master's
pleasure when she does enter into service.

After that Sir David did ring for the minder, and she released
the leather ties on young Mary who did stand and lower her skirt
again. Sir David did step toward her and taking her tenderly in
his arms did place a kiss on her sweet forehead:

"Dear Mary! I wish you well for the future, with all my heart!"

Young Mary did reply as I had taught her:

"Thank you Sir for caring enough to punish me and make me a
better girl Sir", and did curtsie prettilie to Sir David.

And they then departed from the punishment room.

A girl then entered with a board which she hanged on the wall
with the word:

"INTERVAL"

I had prepared those girls then aged twelve to go amongst the
visitors each carrying a pot of hot chocolate and cups on a tray
which they prettilie did offer and set the cup down on a small
table within easy reach and pour the drink for each visitor, and
after all were served did then stay as to wait on their pleasure.

Each girl did place herself close to the visitor of her choice
and smile to invite attentions which most did receive right soon.

The girls had all removed their undergarments so when that a
visitor did reach under the girl's skirt to pinch and fondle her
bottom, they found to their delight that the girl was naked there
and she did enjoy to be touched e'en in her most private places,
but did alway turn herself so 'twas her rosebud was touched.

A visitor would ask the name of the girl and learn that those
present were all aged twelve and to leave the Great Orfanage that
year. They were thus free to ask to have any for service in their
household if they did so desire.

The sign for INTERVAL was removed and Capt. Pierce, formerly
Chirurgien of the Royal Navy, did enter and take the slate from
the minder. He was dressed in the plain working smock of his
trade with the glistening gold epaulettes of his rank, and did
read the slate:

"Liz, you are twelve years of age: You have not yet learned your
multiplication tables and make many mistakes in your arithmetic.

"Liz, is this true? How say you, Liz?"

"Please Sir, yes Sir. I find the tables difficult to learn Sir".

"Of course they are difficult to learn Liz. And I see I must help
you to try harder Liz!

"Nurse I will use the wheel to help Liz to learn she must try
harder at her arithmetic. Remove all her cloathing then bind Liz
to the spokes".

Capt. Pierce was speaking of a large carriage wheel with its axle
fastened to one of the wood pillars of the great hall so the
wheel was clear of the floor and was free to turn. I had found it
in our carriage barn and had it cleaned then mounted with the
axle fresh-greased to make it turn easy.

Liz was uncloathed then was stood facing the wheel on the small
platform affixed to its rim and that jutted out for her to stand
upon, with her back to the visitors.

Padded pieces were then pegged in placed on the spokes to be firm
on top of her shoulders so to take her weight when she was turned
head down, and soft leather bindings were tied both under her
arms and around her waist, to hold her body firmly to the wheel.

"Thank you nurse. You may go now: I will ring this bell when I
need you again.

"Liz I am going to loosen the binding around your chest somewhat
so you do not lack for breath . . .

"Now I turn this wheel slowly . . . so you stand on your head".

Capt. Pierce did grasp the rim and pull the wheel round until Liz
was indeed with her head downwards and her weight taken by the
padded blocks. He did then peg the wheel so it could move no
more.

Capt. Pierce did then take her ankles and spread them well apart
and bind them to the wheel.

He ran his hands many times from her ankles and lightly down the
insides of her legs until they met at her rosebud which was in
plain view to the visitors, as if to see that she was secure and
he did gently stroke the inside of her legs thus for many a turn.

"Liz are you comfortable and ready for your punishment?"

"Yes Sir as comfortable as I can be on this wheel!"

"I first want to show you Liz that I have no ill will towards you
and I indeed only do what I must to help you mend your ways.

"For you sweet Liz I have only charitable thoughts and no malice.
To help you believe me sweet Liz I will kiss you most humbly
before I begin to punish".

With that Capt. Pierce did bend forward and did kiss Lizz firm
and square on her rosebud as his face did press down between the
cheeks of her bottom and nuzzle into to her smooth and sweet
nether parts.

Capt. Pierce did stay a mighty long time to show his charitable
thoughts for Liz but I did see his purpose as I knew what he did
plan next to do and his tongue did thrust and probe with much
vigour into her bottom to make a start to the opening of her
rosebud.

Liz knew nothing of what was next: She did but revel in what he
was doing which was arousing her greatly as she was held upside
down on the wheel, and she did weave her bottom slowly from side
to side and out from the wheel in her ecstasy moaning loud the
nonce while her rosebud did soften to sweetly bid his tongue
enter.

Capt. Pierce did at last lift his face from Liz's bottom and mop
his lips with his kerchief, and he did then make to fix the
dildoll and weights in place.

From the table beside him, Capt. Pierce did select a dildoll with
a snub nose and was tapered to its other end, and a full inch
across in its widest place; A few inches of stick did come from
the tapered end. The gaudemiche was well coated with shiny
carriage varnish, and the stick was painted red.

One inch at its widest, it was the largest of the dildolls I had
got made: we wished to leave all further enlargement of the girl
to her master, so she will leave us well able to take his yard
without hurt but still so tight as to grip his manhood mighty
hard.

Capt. Pierce did hold the dildoll up as though to examine it: he
did thus ensure the visitors saw its size to know her master
could use Liz to his will if that he took her to work in his
house.

He slid the stick of the dildoll up into the hole in the end of a
piece of broom handle which itself slid in the opening on a
cross-piece and had a pan on its top end for weights. He did
carefully grease Liz's hole with his finger and greased also the
dildoll which he then stood on her rosebud ready to enter.

The cross-piece he pegged to the wheel so it would stop and hold
the weight pan after that it had fallen no more than two inch
from its beginning position and he placed a pound weight in the
pan.

Capt. Pierce would increase weights until the dildoll was slid
down inside the girl. Nothing that Liz could do would stop the
snub nose of the dildoll to force open her rosebud which will
then slide inexorably down into her lovely bottom.

Some amongst the visitors did shiver in anticipation of what was
to happen to Liz as they did watch, knowing that she herself did
guess nothing of this.

"Liz, I am prepared to begin. As I cane your bottom I wish you to
count the strokes out loud so all can hear. The dildoll that
rests on your rosebud does have weight on top of it and I am
going to increase that weight until the dildoll does slide down
into your bottom.

"There is nothing you can do to stop the weights from pushing the
dildoll down into your bottom and you will feel it force your
lips apart and slide slowly down into you after a short time and
I will continue to cane you after that the dildoll is inside you
as an extra punishment".

"Oh! Sir!! . . . ." wailed Liz and he voice choked in anguish.

"I am starting now . . ."

And Capt. Pierce brought the thin cane down briskly across Liz's
bottom to make an angry red line across both her cheeks. Liz
cried sharp and loud as she did wriggle her bottom hard and
shouted:

"ONE Sir!" and bawled with a flood of tears.

The weight did not fall and Capt. Pierce did place a second pound
weight in the pan.

After that Liz's sobs had died somewhat Capt. Pierce did give her
bottom a second cut with the thin cane.

Liz did shout and weep as before then managed to say:

"TWO Sir!" and kept her sobbing.

The weight still had not fallen and Capt. Pierce did place a
third pound weight in the pan.

Capt. Pierce continued thus until he had placed in the pan one,
two . , three . . , four . . . , five . . . . , SIX . . . . .
pounds of weights and with his next cut of the cane across Liz's
bottom the weights were then enough to make her rosebud relax its
tightness enough for the whole weight pan contraption to lurch to
one side and the dildoll to start its descent into Liz's bottom
and the visitors did all seem to draw in their breaths with a
gasp of fear.

The snub nose of the dildoll rammed downwards to open Liz's
rosebud and marks on the broom handle did show the slow movement
downwards of the weights.

The weight pan did drop for two inch until it struck the cross
piece and could fall no further. By then it had pushed the
dildoll into Liz far enough for the widest part to be inside her
bottom.

Liz's sphyncter did then close on the tapered end of the dildoll
and slowly draw the red stick down with it, which the visitors
saw from the marks on it as the red stick came out of the hole in
the broom handle.

Liz's sphyncter closed on the tapered end of the dildoll to push
the shynie varnished wood slowly Odown into her bottom so far
that it was completely swallowed and only the red stick was left
showing from her rosebud.

Liz gasped in pleasure and delight in spite of the hurt of the
cane to her bottom, as the dildoll was drawn deep down into her
bottom.

"I am going to remove the weights that pushed the dildoll into
you, Liz, while you keep it tight inside you",

And Capt. Pierce did dismantle the whole weight pan contraption
to leave the dildoll in her bottom with its red stick pointing
upwards from her hole for all to see.

"Your bottom has completely swallowed our biggest dildoll inside
you, Liz. I am going to use the cane on your bottom again, so you
feel the pain of it beating on the wood that is now in your
bottom!"

"Oh, Sir! Must you be so cruel?!"

"You will remember this punishment all your life Liz, and you
will never forget to work on your multiplication tables Liz!

"I am starting to cane you . . . Now!"

Capt. Pierce did strike Liz with the cane again and again, not
hard but with the blows aimed to move the dildoll down sharply
inside her bottom at each stroke of the cane.

These movements of the wood dildoll inside Liz did excite her
very centres of arousal and she responded with loud cries as
though in agony but in truth with growing ecstasy from the jolts
and movements to the large dildoll that her bottom had swallowed
down inside her.

Capt. Pierce did change his caning to light and fast as Liz's
excitement did increase until she did at last shout loud and her
limbs did shudder, and he did then stop his caning.

Liz did gasp and heave for many a minute, then:

"I am undoing the ties to your ankles Liz, and I am going to turn
you right side up, . . . there! Hold your ankles together while I
turn the wheel", and he made Liz to stand upright on the little
platform again.

"Right side up again, and you still have the gaudemiche in your
bottom. I will stroke your cheeks now Liz so they will show less
bruises tomorrow".

He did then kneel on the floor and rub her bottom slow and gentle
with hands made sliperie with grease and push with his thumbs up
inside the cheeks of her bottom so all could see the red stick
move much up into her and down again, and her moans of delight
were loud for all to hear.

After that Capt. Pierce had given Liz much pleasure with his
subtle hands he did lean forward even as he kneeled and kissed
her firmly on her two cheeks then raise himself up:

"You are excellent sweet my dear Liz. I will untie you now so you
are free to walk".

and Capt. Pierce did untie the bindings around Liz from under her
arms and around her waist, and help her to stand again on the
floor.

"Here, I will help you to walk to the table Liz and bend you over
it . . ." and when she was well bended over he did hold the red
stick of the dildoll and move it in and out her bottom some
little distance as in fun, smiling, and Liz did gasp and wrythe
her cheeks afresh until Capt. Pierce did pull the dildoll all the
waye out from her bottom.

He held the large dildoll up for all to see and 'twas clear she
could well pleasure a grown man with her bottom and love the
doing of it withal.

Capt. Pierce took a cloth and wiped the grease off Liz and told
her to dress and rang for the minder. When Liz had dressed and
made as to the door he did stop her and clasp her to him by the
buttocks saying:

"My dear Liz, do please work hard at your multiplication, for I
do not like to hurt you so much!", and kissed her full on her
mouth.

"Please Sir. Thank you for your kindness and charity in taking
time to punish me Sir!"

And Liz did bob a pretty curtsie to him with a mischievous smile
before she did leave with the minder, and Capt. Pierce departed
through the other door.

Many a visitor was fondling one of our girls as they did watch
the punishment of Liz. I had secured the assistance of a former
Dean of St. Paul's who did take close interest and deep concern
in our work with the orfan girls. He was well versed in securing
gifts from visitors and had moved amongst those who sat and
watched the punishments.

I heard him ask for names and addresses so to inform of future
punishments and advise on the waye to reserve a seat for a future
time. And lastly he did say that the debts of the Great Orfanage
must be paid or it will soon close and suggested a gift of some
guineas: he did chuse the amount I think depending on the dress
of each visitor and did take the coins discretely into a velvet
pouch on his belt.

This waye we did take sufficient money in that first morning to
pay the next three months of expenses in the running the Great
Orfanage.

I did immediate send out for a dozen chicken from the poulterer
and to have the vintner deliver me a dozen of Rhennish.

I bade the kitchen to prepare a fine feast for the girls and
their minders that evening, with a good plate of roasted chicken
legs sent to my chambers for the gentle men who had so charitably
assisted in the work of the day with punishment of the girls'
bottoms and the securing of handsome gifts from the visitors.

I bade all gentle men who had assisted to join me in my chambers
where I did fill their glasses with Rhennish to thank them and to
celebrate a turning point in the life of the Great Orfanage.

I left to join the girls and their minders in the refectory where
they did revel in their feast of roasted chicken, which the girls
could none of them remember to have tasted before.

All pain from the cane was forgot and the girls did have chicken
grease on their faces from biting on the succulent meat and
exceeding happy smiles withal.

I asked silence and did thank every one for the part they had
played in persuading the visitors to give generously to the
expenses of the Great Orfanage even at great pain to some of
them.

I did tell them that much work remained to be done so visitors
will stay interested in the punishments of the girls, and they
must show they are able to take all the many kinds of discipline
that are common amongst servants in a large house.

Not least of these was to be punished with a dildoll into her
bottom which I told them the visitors did like to see - I did not
tell the girls then that the dildoll would be the rampant yard of
their master and his friends - so to help them get good offers of
work from the visitors as servant girls in their households.

"But enough of that for tonight", I said: "Let us enjoy the
success we have all achieved today!"

The girls did cheer long and loud in their happiness as I waved
farewell and departed to my guests who were enjoying the plate of
chicken legs with their wine.

My most urgent work at the start was to make every girl happy
with a firm sliperie thing sliding up into her bottom, so she
would bear no child after that she had left the Great Orfanage
except after careful thought.

In years to come our orfan girls would be made to love this waye
of arousal while still as infants, but in the meantime this love
to be pleasured thus must needs be taught freshly to each girl
already in the Great Orfanage who were of age six and up.

I did have some wood finials made with a shallow spiral groove as
they did taper up to a rounded point. They were an inch at the
widest and well varnished. When covered in grease and slowly
twisted in the hole of a girl the spiral groves did draw the
wooden knob up into her bottom.

I did insert one into the bottom of each girl of twelve years of
age after that I had greased her hole with my finger. For some
time each day she did then sit on a bench at her school work with
the finial in her bottom.

The girls did show their pleasure in this by the movements of
their bottoms on the hard school benches. They did raise
themselves a little then sit down again hard to thrust the finial
up into their bottom as they did squirm in their pleasure and
indeed little school work was done by the girls who had finials
in their bottoms.

One girl did complain of pain as I first slid the knob into her
bottom and did cry out with the hurt as I did twist the finial to
pull itself up into her tight little rectum.

If one girl of age twelve did feel pain at the first entry of the
dildoll into her bottom then even more of the younger girls would
likely feel some pain also.

I wished to make the experience wholly pleasurable to each girl
and did devise a smooth rounded rod that was smaller than the
size of my little finger and did slide up into the bottom of any
girl as easy as the wood nozzle of the clyster that was first
used to clean her.

The round rod was in four quarters that did come together as a
single rod but could be pulled apart to make larger the hole they
were in. The four parts were pulled separate by a mechanism of
cords and weights like a window sash.

The weights could be added so the pull would increase and the
entrance to the girl's bottom was gently widened in this waye,
but only as fast as she herself did allow her sphyncter to relax
and open.

She lifted herself from the four-in-one rod after some few
minutes when her hole was larger, and she could then easy sit on
a one inch dildoll, while the next girl did use the bottom hole
enlarger.

This way all of the oldest girls were comfortably relaxed and
seated with a one- inch-wide finial in their bottoms within an
hour and they did much enjoy to sit thus.

None of these dildolls were greater than one inch across so the
girls did each keep her tight elastik rectum for the heavenly joy
of her future Master.

Within three month, each of the girls of eight and older was able
to slowly slide a one inch dildoll up into her bottom without
first needing to use the four-in-one rod to open her hole
beforehand.

This accomplishment was shown with our daily punishments before
the visitors, and each girl who was "punished" in this way did
act at first as though it did hurt her much to take a one inch
thick dildoll into her bottom.

After some time with the dildoll there in her rectum she did then
show she was mighty pleased and did enjoy it being moved in and
out of her bottom.

A girl who did show the dildoll seeming to hurt her at first,
then later seeming to be greatly pleased by it, did draw the
greatest gifts to the Great Orfanage from the visitors.

This first seeming reluctance and pain by the girl, that was
followed by exceeding joy, did also make her attractive to be
taken as a servant girl from the Great Orfanage into a large
household.

As the year progressed to Summer it became urgent to ensure the
ten girls then aged twelve were well prepared to leave the Great
Orfanage for service in large houses. They had all learned to do
the work of a large house from their duties in the Great Orfanage
and they had become used to the discipline they would be subject
to from their punishments here.

There was one respect only in which I was not yet sure that they
would happily survive: If the master of the house did force
himself upon a girl mayhap while in his cups and push his yard
into her bottom with little time for the girl to prepare herself.

In short: What if her Master did rape the girl in her bottom?

I did give each of these girls therefore a snuff box that she was
to keep well charged with grease from the kitchen and in her
pocket at all times.

As I did walk the buildings of the Great Orfanage I would tell
one of these older girls at any time that I did want her to
follow me to a secluded place and did there have her to remove
her under garments.

I thereupon did take a dildoll from my pocket and make to slide
it up into her bottom. Each girl needed only one painful hurt
thus to her bottom and she alway after was exceeding quick to
apply grease from her snuff box to her nether opening, even as
she followed me to the secluded spot, so the dildoll did slide in
easy and she did like it well.

Our girls did quick learn to carry their snuff box of grease at
all times and to use it quick on their bottom if pressed to act
host to a man's rampant yard. In this first year the ten girls of
age twelve did all find good employers from amongst the
charitable visitors who came to view our daily punishments to the
orfan girls in our charge and the monies in our coffers did grow
apace.

These monies enabled the building of rooms for visitors next to
the punishment room as I describe elsewhere. We also could employ
more minders and start to admit newborn infants to the Great
Orfanage once more, to the great satisfaction of the Governors
and myself also. 
