SALVATION 

A dark and sadistic tale set in Victorian England 

Written by Dickins

This story is a work of erotic fiction.  All names, characters, places 
and incidents are either a product of the author's imagination or are 
used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual events, locals or persons, 
living or dead, is entirely coincidental. 

Story Codes: ped, bdsm, mast, mc and voy  

Chapter 2, The Governors

It's a pleasant spring morning in 1897 and Alice's dreams to return St 
Saviour's orphanage back to its former glory are at a crucial stage. Four 
individuals have been invited to a meeting this afternoon. Alice intends 
to persuade them to pay to join her in setting up a new and more powerful 
board of governors.

Alice sat at her desk looking through the replies and was delighted that 
all four had agreed to attend. Her pleasure was made all more enjoyable 
because she knew that none of them would have replied had she not made it 
clear that she knew something about them that they wouldn't want to be 
made public. 

Alice smiled to herself as she heard a commotion outside and got up to 
look out of the parlour window that overlooked the walled garden. 
Children were being drilled naked, by their teacher Miss Sedgwick, a 
routine that was normal at St Saviour's because of its connections with 
the navy.

Elizabeth Sedgwick, who had only been at St Saviour's for a short time 
compared with the other staff, stopped drilling the children in order to 
reprimand Amy, one of the junior girls who was getting out of step and 
generally misbehaving. 

Knowing that Miss Sedgwick was a highly-strung woman and it wouldn't be 
too long before the sounds of the little girl's crying would be heard, 
Alice backed away from the window slipping her hands underneath her gown 
to masturbate herself in a slow rhythm, a regular habit of hers when in 
private. 

There were many opportunities for Alice to masturbate in private, as 
built into the brickwork all around the property, were many tiny spy 
holes designed by her father who enjoyed watching the action anonymously, 
whilst her mother preferred to be present in the room whilst the abuse 
and punishments were administered. 
 
Miss Sedgwick, started to spank the little girl's bottom with some force 
making the child struggle and scream. Alice was on the brink of a much-
needed orgasm, when to her annoyance, a knock at the door interrupted her 
concentration and spoilt her enjoyment of the child's spanking. 

Adjusting her clothing, she moved over to sit at her desk and tried to 
calm herself down before shouting, "Come in" in a raised voice. Entering, 
in her usual matter of fact way Rebecca Bolton, the matron, a stern 
woman, reminded Alice of the need to have plenty of time to prepare the 
children for the visit of her guests this afternoon.

Without really looking at Alice, Miss Bolton on hearing the commotion 
outside went straight to the window and leaning out, shouting to Miss 
Sedgwick, "Send Amy and David to my room immediately," then turned and 
left the parlour. 

Alice had always been under matrons spell, ever since she started to help 
her with her special treatments and knew exactly how she would be 
preparing the children. 

Just thinking about it made her want to go and watch, however, she had 
many things to arrange and decided that it could wait, as she thought of 
all the new exciting pleasures that were just around the corner. 

Patience! Patience was what was needed now! She thought to herself.

That afternoon, Alice watched from a window overlooking the drive as her 
guests arrived in their separate carriages. Young boys helped the guests 
to alight from their carriages and then took the horses to the stables to 
be fed, watered and rested until they were needed again.

One by one, the guests entered the wood-panelled meeting room, they 
glanced at each other with suspicion and nervousness. Lord Richard Holmes 
felt uneasy, as if the person, who had invited him, knew of his secret 
passions and pretended to admire the paintings on the walls rather than 
acknowledge the others.

Had it not been for the strange welcome they had all received at the 
front door of the crumbling orphanage, they might have left straight away 
tearing up their invitations.  

When Lord Richard Holmes's carriage turned into the drive and made its 
way to the front door of the orphanage, he couldn't help wondering why he 
had accepted an invitation to such a crumbling and decadent place.

It was not until the carriage swung around so he could see the front 
door, that suddenly his eyes lit up and he started to get the feeling 
that it wasn't all that bad. 

For there to greet the guests as they alighted from their carriages and 
standing in the entrance to the orphanage, were a boy and girl who had 
pink complexions that spoke of recent bathing and a slightly glazed look 
in their eyes that was very endearing. 

Richard could see in their faces, the familiar signs of drug induced 
emotion and this excited him all the more.

The boy, who looked about 13 years old, was very handsome and dressed in 
a white sailor's uniform, consisting of a middy blouse with the St 
Saviour's crest sewn onto it, a pair of shorts which fitted his bottom 
snugly, outlining his cock and leaving his thighs bare, white knee socks, 
a pair of patent shoes and a sailor's hat that had ribbons hanging down 
the back. The girl, who looked about 11 years old, was wearing a similar 
white sailor's uniform, except that she wore a short pleated kilt. 

Richard walked over to have a better look at these children and couldn't 
help noticing that the young girl's nipples were nicely erect from being 
chafed against her middy blouse. 

He couldn't help thinking that compared to the thin and dirty waifs he 
usually sought out, these children were much more healthy, clean and 
attractive.
  
"Welcome to St Saviour's Orphanage, our home," they chorused.

Following the children into the great hall, a member of staff was on hand 
to take his top hat, cloak and gloves. Looking around the hall, he was 
taken a back by the scene. The wallpaper was drab, the other decorations 
had seen better days and the carpet was threadbare. 

Upwards of two-dozen chairs with torn upholstery were arranged facing a 
large stage. In the centre of the stage was a birching horse and a full-
sized wooden replica of a naval canon, carefully positioned so that the 
audience would have a splendid view of them no matter where they sat. 

Attached to both these apparatus were several straps, held in place by 
metal rings. They both showed signs of constant use and the surfaces were 
smooth from the constant rubbing of the children's inner-thighs and 
secretions from their aroused and abused genitals.    

Intrigued, Richard asked, "What is the canon for?" He knew that the 
birching horse was the favoured apparatus for punishing girls as he had 
seen these in action before. "Well, that's for the boys! Have you never 
heard of the naval punishment, kissing the gunner's daughter Sir," she 
said, and as she turned to leave the hall she smiled saying, " Sitting 
astride them, rather than lying over them, keeps their bottoms stretched 
wide apart." "It's much easier to whip the birch in that way Sir." 

Richard contemplated the apparatus and imagining the merciless whippings 
being given to the screaming and struggling children. He had no doubt, 
that these two charming children had sat astride these apparatus and the 
thought of this made it him very excited.

"If you will come with us," they had said. 

Following the children up the main staircase, Richard watched spellbound 
as he realised that neither child was wearing any undergarments and the 
girl's cute little bottom was in full view to him from under her short 
kilt. 

What was also equally enjoyable was that her bottom was very red as if it 
had been punished recently. He followed them, wondering if the erotic 
scene he was now witnessing was due to his over indulgence the night 
before and if those pleasures, were clouding his mind, as it sometimes 
did when he took the opium he was offered.

By the time the children had shown Richard into the meeting room, his 
cock was painfully erect and he was embarrassed to see the other guests 
knowingly looking at his crotch, as if they too had also been affected by 
the greeting. 

Richard adjusted himself as best he could, turning to look at the 
paintings. His attention centred on a woman who was also admiring the 
paintings. He thought he knew her and her occasional glance his way, 
suggested she knew him but she avoided any conversation. 

She moved from one painting to another, keeping her distance from the 
other guests as they all looked warily at each other. The paintings were 
all of an erotic nature, from an illustrated French book she recalled. 

Adults sadistically flogged children in a variety of ways, the artist 
expertly capturing the agonies of the children and the pleasures of the 
adults. 

Seeing these images again, brought back memories of the Hardwick's where 
she had been the governess. She recalled the many enjoyable times when 
she would use a martinet to administer severe whippings to her charges, 
whilst their parents were sitting together on the couch opposite watching 
the punishments with baited breath.

Miss Fould's, most favoured method of punishing naughty children, was 
with a martinet a small French whip that has many strands of leather, 
positioned on their backs with their knees firmly held to their chests by 
their bound hands. 

This position affords the spectator a most obscene spectacle and makes it 
easy for the martinet to be whipped into their wide-open bottoms, 
bringing screams and struggles as it also scours their tender anuses and 
genitals. 

Richard moved to another painting, as it dawned on him, "I know you!" he 
said, as if it was a revelation. "You were governess to the Hardwick's" 
oblivious to the coldness in her eyes. "Miss, miss, miss Frank, Miss 
French," he frowned as he tried remembering her name, certain it began 
with an F. 

"Miss Foulds," she told him coldly, hating it when people didn't get her 
name right. Her hands itched to hold a whip and use it upon him for his 
insolence.

"That's it. Miss Foulds!" he grinned. "Fancy meeting you here," he added.

Richard remembered other details about her. It was rumoured that she'd 
been dismissed from another position as the Bamford family governess 
after it was discovered that she'd been educating the children in more 
than just academic studies. 

The children were later separated, the girl send to stay with a distant 
aunt in Scotland the boy to a school in Croydon. The rigorous hygiene and 
sexual control therapies that their governess insisted upon became useful 
as the children developed their own sexual perversions.

"And you, Lord Holmes," she asked letting her voice carry to the others. 

She had also heard of him through a group of friends, envying him and the 
money he would spend on street waifs for his pleasures. 

Had she been younger, she might have applied to him for a position as a 
governess. Sadistically whipping the waifs he had paid to watch being 
punished.

Looking towards the other two gentlemen, Richard said, "Perhaps you've 
not yet worked out the link that brings us together," and then smiled as 
he watched their expressions change.  

They had all followed the children up the stairs and been treated to a 
glimpse of the little girl's bottom which had clearly been punished and 
to the boy's shorts that were pulled tightly between his bottom cheeks, 
painfully encasing his erect cock. 
 
A new understanding started to express it's self, as they associated the 
scenes they had already witnessed with their own dubious backgrounds and 
started now to realise how close their private passions were to becoming 
common knowledge.

It was then that Alice made her timely entrance and addressed her guests, 
"If you will all take a seat please," She told them, looking around then 
sitting at the head of the solid wooden table, which along with the 
chairs had been used for meetings since 1837, when her father was 
chairman of the board of governors.

"My name is Alice Marchant," she addressed her guests. 

Attractively dressed with a low cut bodice, it was all that Richard could 
do to keep his eyes off her as he and his fellow guests nervously tried 
to imagine what she might say about them.  

A knock at the door interrupted Richard's thoughts and Alice who was 
clearly expecting the interruption called out for them to enter. Guided 
by two stern looking women the same two children were taken over to a 
raised dais. Being raised the guests now had a close up view of the 
children who were elevated to eye level and standing directly in front of 
their chaperones.     

Looking at her guest's Alice announced, "These are two members of my 
staff and they have brought David and Amy for you to assess," watching 
their expressions, as they drooled over these attractive children, not 
being able to believe how passive they both were.

"And why would we want to do that" asked the larger of the two men seated 
across from Lord Holmes. 

"Mr Smith, please be patient," Miss Marchant told him, unruffled by his 
abrupt outburst.

"I'm wasting money whilst I'm here, I'll have you know!"

It was time for Alice to make her move. 

"I'm about to offer you an investment you'll not wish to pass up." She 
said, "Hasn't your wife recently left you Mr Smith, taking your children 
with her?"

"What's it to you?" David Smith asked, clearly agitated by the remark. 
Perhaps, if she knew his wife had taken his two daughters away, then she 
would also know the reason why. 

He was fairly certain that his wife wouldn't tell, not as long as he took 
care of them financially. But others? He'd be ruined if the wrong people 
heard of the naughty little games he would play with them. 

Alice smiled and moved her attention to the other man. 

"And what about you Mr Stevens? I understand that you're been recently 
struck off as a doctor. Some difficulty explaining the use you put some 
of your medical tools to, wasn't it Jeremy?" she asked.

The small, well-dressed man, started to squirm as he felt the stares. 
"I'll be appealing. Those children made it all up!" "I'm sure," Alice 
smiled.     

Her attention turned now to Lord Richard Holmes. "Need I mention the 
little darlings who are brought by their governesses to your private 
rooms?" she asked him. "I hear that there is always a shortage of birch 
rods after their visits," she smiled.

Richard, wondered just how this woman knew so much about her guests. 
Thankfully, her attentions moved on and she reminded Miss Fould's of the 
numerous children she had educated, quite indecently it would appear. 
Greta blushed and started to shake.

"It's all right gentlemen, Miss Fould's. It's not my intention to 
blackmail you."

"So why are we here?" David asked in his usual gruff manner. His 
attention was drawn to the children on the dais, especially the little 
girl who was about the same age as his youngest daughter. 

He remembered, that as he followed her up the stairs, he had wished it 
had been him that had spanked her little bottom. He would have put her 
over his knee and spanked her bottom whilst masturbating her. This was a 
favourite pastime.

"I think," Richard addressed the meeting, "that our host here would like 
us to donate some funds to repair St Saviour's. Am I right?" he asked.

Alice looked at Richard, pleased with his shrewd judgment and gauging the 
mood of the other guests, said "Lord Holmes is quite correct. This 
orphanage is in dire need of cash to repair its crumbling structure and 
to improve it in the way I'd like."

"And you think I have the cash to help you?" scoffed the recently struck 
off doctor. He had a few pennies left, but had hoped to obtain a position 
here at St Saviour's so he could practice away from the prying eyes of 
children's parents and guardians.

Alice chuckled to herself. "But I think you'll find the money, given the 
offer I am about to make you." She told them.

"Does it involve the children?" Greta Foulds asked, her voice faltering 
as she looked at the boy and girl standing passively in front of her. 
They were the perfect age; young and impressionable, easily led and 
easily restrained. 

Even now she could recall vividly, the feel of the children's anuses 
around her finger as she pushed it deep into their bottoms and the feel 
of their little cocks and cunts as she bathed them. The long sessions she 
spent ensuring that the children controlled there masturbation habits, 
which resulted in very severe whippings over the trestle if they 
disobeyed. 

Alice smiled making Greta blush with the thought that she knew what she 
was thinking about. "You've been looking at the children I see. Did you 
notice their large eyes and the vacant look, as if they are elsewhere?"

"Opium!" Richard remarked.

"Not Opium," Alice told him. But a combination of drugs that work 
together like an aphrodisiac; speeding the heart and quickening the blood 
while also making their skin very tender. 

"Another drug calms them, depressing any nervousness, ensuring their full 
co-operation." 

"I'd love to know the name of those drugs," Greta murmured.

"I'm sure. And perhaps, one day I might tell you and show you how to 
administer them," Alice smiled gesturing to the women to start getting 
the children ready.

"You're making a point?" David asked. He preferred his pleasures in 
private and hidden, just him and his two little girls. He wasn't a 
pervert to be messing about with little boys. 

Alice looked at the four guests and smiled. "I sought you out because I 
know that you have similar tastes to myself and with your help St 
Saviour's can be returned to its former glory."

Greata Foulds laughed and all eyes turned towards her. "You honestly 
believe that we would want to become governors of St Saviour's?" she 
asked.

Richard taken a back with her naivety and the lack of vision this ex 
governess had said. "Wait my dear. Wait until Miss Marchant has explained 
to us what she has in mind," he urged.

"No Miss Foulds," Alice replied. St Saviour's has been a privately run 
orphanage for the past 60 years and has managed in all that time to keep 
its anonymity. It is only now that I find it necessary; to seek out 
people such as yourselves, who can help me raise the necessary capital to 
restore St Saviour's to its former glory. 

As if on queue, the women knelt behind their charges, one to remove the 
girls' kilt and the other to remove the boys shorts. This was done 
swiftly and their genitals were displayed within moments. 

The girl's shapely thighs were parted to expose her hairless cunt and 
then her clitoris was roughly manipulated whilst the boy's balls were 
squeezed and his cock brought painfully to full erection. 

The children were then slowly but firmly masturbated in front of these 
strangers and turned so their bottoms were also on show. Their reactions 
were to squirm as their pleasures were aroused and there bottoms cruelly 
pinched. 

The contrast between David's white bottom and Amy's already crimson 
bottom was very plain to see and as they were pinched the girl's 
struggles were very entertaining.   

Spellbound the four guests stared at the children, their eyes drunk with 
lust as they looked up at the scene in front of them. The view was 
uninterrupted due the raised dais and the children were so passive even 
when so roughly handled.

"You'll allow, examinations?" Jeremy asked breathlessly.

Pleased with Jeremy's sudden outburst, Alice answered. "I believe that 
these children should visit the orphanage doctor on a regular basis, 
don't you Doctor Stevens?" And there would be a new infirmary built, with 
perhaps two nurses as well a matron, to help hold the little darlings 
down.

"Yes, yes!" Jeremy agreed, staring at the genitals of the attractive 
children in front of him and thinking of all the ways to make their 
intimate examinations hurt." 

"Is there anything you'll not permit?" Richard asked. The thought of all 
the children at St Saviour's at his disposal made him drool. 

No more wandering the streets of Whitechapel to find children who are 
always filthy, only freshly bathed little darlings here. 

No more mothers offering their daughters virginity only for him to find 
out the girl's cunt had been sewn up yet again. The prospects were 
positively untold should he elect to join the new board of governors at 
St Saviour's orphanage.

"They'll need punishing," Greta told them. She looked around her, waiting 
for someone else to nod his or her agreement before she continued. "They 
will need to be taught to control their passions," she said, her eyes 
fixed on the children as they continued to squirm obscenely, the girl now 
with her legs parted widely as she had her clitoris rubbed and the boy 
gyrating his hips as his erect cock was roughly handled.

"A good point Miss Foulds." agreed Alice, as she stood up and strode over 
to the little girl capturing her by the hair and then dragging her to a 
nearby chair ignoring the yelp of pain she gave. 

"As I told you." She said sitting down and pulling the child over her lap 
so her already sore bottom was in full view to the now stunned audience. 
"One of the affects of this drug is to sensitise the skin and this means 
that she will react strongly to the slightest touch." She explained. 

Her hand rose, hovered for a moment and then the cruel spanking started. 
Amy's scream was a shrill and her bottom turned an even deeper red as she 
writhed and twisting obscenely exposing her genitals. It was at least 
five long minutes before Alice stopped spanking Amy and started to 
massage her bottom.

"We have another drug, easily administered, which works to reduce their 
sense of touch. The measure of the dose decides how much pain can be 
inflicted before being felt." Alice explained. 

Pulling Amy to her feet, Alice parted the child's thighs to place her 
wedged hand against her vulva and rubbed roughly. The child stopped 
crying and then started to buck against Alice's hand, her eyes glazed and 
her breath quickening with excitement. 

Alice only stopped when she reached an orgasm. However, Alice was 
disappointed with the girl's one orgasm, as she had been taught that only 
multiple orgasms were acceptable. 

The boy, who had been watching intently suddenly lost control as his cock 
as it was masturbated and he shot his seed all over the carpet. He was 
the next to be spanked for losing control and to Greta Foulds delight 
this was administered directly in front of her.

"In this establishment the boys are taught to control their ejaculations 
where as the girls are expected to have multiple orgasms," Alice laughed 
and made light of the children's mistakes just this once. 

"Unbelievable!" David gasped, watching closely and drooling over the 
little girl's plight.

"I'd like to conduct some medical experiments on these children," Jeremy 
Stevens mumbled, the small man perched on the edge of his chair as he 
watched the girl being swiftly aroused.

"But now, we must discuss terms," Alice told them letting go of the girl 
and sending her back to her chaperone. "The position is this; I am 
offering you all a seat on the new board of governors and as such you 
will have unrestricted access to all the children here at St Saviour's. 
This position will cost one hundred guineas per annum, payable in 
advance."

"One hundred guineas," David sighed.

"A waste of time bringing me here if that's the end of the matter," Greta 
Foulds told her sharply. Once again her lack of money was to be her 
undoing.

"And it's not," Alice stated. "Each governor will also be expected to 
introduce four patrons each year, paying twenty five guineas each. 
However, if you wish they can partly or fully fund your own fee by 
introducing the requisite number of additional patrons," she told them.

Jeremy still frowned, but Greta was smiling and relaxed now, because she 
was certain that she could find the required number of patrons. "Patrons 
may visit once a month and once the new rooms are built, be offered the 
chance to stay the night with the child or children of their choice."

"This will make you a very rich young woman," Richard commented. 

"The lions share will be reinvested back into St Saviour's. You, as 
governors, will have the vote on how to proceed, but I thought we could 
build a viewing gallery, dungeons, a school and an infirmary, as well as 
refurbishing the great hall so that the punishment parades can be started 
again and special rooms built for our patrons to enjoy themselves in 
private." She explained.

"A medical facility with all the latest tools?" Jeremy asked. He'd need 
probes, speculums and special equipment such as; an examination table 
made to his own design.

"We have a nurse, Miss Anne Bishop. I'm sure that Rebecca Bolton St 
Saviour's matron will be on hand to help you settle in," Alice said. 
Jeremy looked as if he was heaven.

"You mentioned a dungeon?" Greta asked softly, looking towards her host 
in a completely different and friendlier way.

Alice nodded and smiled. "The property used to boast a huge wine cellar. 
It was my thought to turn it into a series of dungeons, some no more than 
cells but the main one, would be large enough to house a sizeable 
audience."

"Well it appears that you have something that appeals to us all." Richard 
suggested.

"Yes I think so," Alice agreed. "But that is not all, we will have to 
find the type of children that will be best suited to the harsh routines 
and punishments that they will be put through. Attractive, stoic children 
who are capable of satisfying our perversions and they will need to be 
tested."

"Of the right age, say between eight and sixteen." Richard suggested.

"Boys older than the girls I think," David nodded.

"Some segregation by ability?" Alice suggested, watching as her guests 
begin to think about the future opportunities. "And by inclination," 
Greta added.
 
Some children will be better suited to punishment than others, so let the 
others be humiliated instead. Forced masturbation competitions and sexual 
performances in front of an audience sprung to mind.

"We need a set of examinations to determine what level they are at." 
Jeremy told them excitedly. 

"And an education policy that would improve their abilities." Richard 
added.

"Woe betides those that don't co-operate!" Greta grinned.

"So I take it, you agree to my proposal?" Alice asked.

The grins on her guest's faces answered her question and the fear on the 
faces of the children sealed their fate.


