It Isn't Easy Being a Girl
by Sue DeNym 

5. Vignette - What About Charlie?

I will never, ever forget that afternoon. School had just let out, and I walked down the street to the gymnasium where my aunt was coaching a local high school gymnastics team. When I walked in, I found my aunt in front of a stage, where there were a dozen teenage girls - all very slim and fit, and very, very pretty - in figure-hugging pink and white leotards.

"Come on in, Charlie," my aunt beckoned me.

I waved shyly at the girls, who all smiled and greeted me warmly.

"Have a seat over there," my aunt told me, pointing to some folding chairs nearby. "I'm afraid this will take a while, Charlie."

As I sat down, I gazed admiringly at the beautiful gymnasts in their sexy leotards. I had never told anyone this, but this was always my biggest reason for wanting to visit my aunt when she was coaching. But as enticing a sight as it was already, what was about to happen next was something I could never have imagined.

"We have a gymnastics meet, coming up," my aunt was explaining to me, "and I need to select a costume for the girls to wear. We still have several more for the girls to try on."

She looked up at the stage.

"Not bad," she murmured. "The pink and white is flattering enough to most of you girls, but I think we need more options. All right, girls, try on the next costume set."

The girls exchanged looks.

"Um, Mrs. Abernathy," said one of the girls nervously, "What about Charlie?"

"What about Charlie?" asked my aunt, a bit impatiently. "Oh, for goodness sake, girls, if you can't even handle one 12-year-old boy seeing you change, how are you going to cope with a crowd of several hundred people watching you vault while you're practically naked, anyway? Now, come on, time is wasting, try on the blue and gold leotards next."

As the girls slowly, reluctantly, began to remove their leotards, I decided that I really should come visit my aunt more often 

.....


6. Panties Down

"Okay, I think that's everything," said Kylie, closing her history textbook.

"Finally," said her friend Amy with a sigh.

"Is it just me, or our teachers really pouring on the homework lately?" wondered Michelle.

"I just want to get home and change," said Amy, getting up.

"I know the feeling," said Kylie, as Michelle nodded.

The three 15-year-old girls were in the living room of Kylie's house, still in their school uniforms. Amy and Michelle packed up their books, and Kylie walked her friends to the front door.

"I'll see you in school tomorrow!" Kylie waved as Amy and Michelle disappeared around the corner.

Kylie headed up the stairs to her bedroom, eager to change. When she went into her room, she saw that she had some messages on her computer. After spending a few minutes idly sorting through the usual junk e-mails, Kylie closed her door and began to unbutton her blouse.

She had just undone the last of the buttons when her door suddenly flew open and her 18-year-old brother, Hunter, stormed in.

"Hey!" exclaimed Kylie, turning her back to him and hurriedly buttoning her blouse back up. She blushed as she realized that he must have caught at least a glimpse of her bra.

"Whatever happened to knocking?" Kylie glared at her brother over her shoulder.

"Whatever happened to staying out of my room while I'm not here?" demanded Hunter.

"What are you talking about?" Kylie finished buttoning her blouse and turned to face him. "I haven't been in your room!"

"Oh, really?" said Hunter. "I just got home a minute ago, and when I checked my computer, I found out that somebody had logged in to it about an hour ago."

"Well, I don't know anything about that," said Kylie irritably. "Now get out of my room!"

"You don't know anything about it," snorted Hunter. "Okay, so who else was here in the past few hours?"

Kylie hesitated.

"Nobody," she said slowly. "Just me and my friends, Michelle and Amy."

She had a bad feeling this answer would not go over well with her brother.

"Uh-huh," said Hunter, folding his arms. "So which one of you three went into my room and logged into my private computer?"

"None of us," protested Kylie. "We were down in the living room doing our homework all afternoon. We never went anywhere near your room."

"I see, so I guess it was a ghost that broke into my computer," said Hunter derisively.

"Look, Hunter," said Kylie in frustration, "I swear, I don't know anything about this. Now, if you don't mind, I really want to change my clothes, so could you please leave my bedroom?"

"No way." Hunter shook his head. "I intend to get to the bottom of this, little sis, one way or another. Now, if you didn't go into my room, then I want to know which of your two friends did."

"Michelle and Amy didn't go into your room," insisted Kylie. "They were with me in the living room the whole time, and besides, they'd never do anything like that."

"Well, if they didn't, that only leaves one suspect," said Hunter dangerously.

"I didn't do it, either!" said Kylie, becoming quite angry.

"I figure it's one of two things," said Hunter. "There's no reason why your friends would know my computer's password, but I'd bet you do. So either your friends broke into my computer with your help, or you broke into it yourself. Either way, I think I've got the guilty party right in front of me."

"Hunter, I didn't do anything!" insisted Kylie.

"I've had enough of this," said Hunter, stalking toward his sister.

"Hey!" said Kylie, as Hunter grabbed her wrist and started pulling her toward the bed. "Wha-What are you doing, Hunter?"

"I'm going to teach you to show some respect for my privacy," said Hunter, sitting down on his sister's bed. "Maybe by violating your privacy a little in the process."

"What are you talking about? Let go of me, Hunter!"

"Not until we've settled this, Kylie. You've been a naughty little girl, today, haven't you, and I figure that the only thing to do with a naughty little girl is to give her a good spanking."

"What?" Kylie was shocked. She tried to pull her wrist away from Hunter's grip as she said, "You can't spank me, Hunter!"

"Over my knee, right now, little girl!" Hunter gave Kylie's wrist a strong pull, and within seconds, she was over his lap, struggling futilely in his grip.

"You can't spank me!" said Kylie again. "I'm not a little kid, Hunter, I'm 15! I am way too old for spankings!"

"Girls are never too old for spankings," retorted Hunter.

"But I didn't even do anything!" protested Kylie.

"I've heard enough," said Hunter.

"Hunter, please - " Kylie suddenly sucked in her breath at the feel of her brother's powerful hand coming down hard on her bottom with a loud SMACK!

"Ow! That hurt!" she exclaimed.

"Spankings are supposed to hurt, that's kind of the point."

"But, Hunter - OW! ..... OW! ..... OW!"

Kylie continued struggling, but her brother was three years older and more than twice her size. She could not hope to break free of his iron grip. Soon, tears were streaming down her face as her brother's hand rained down blow after blow on her defenseless rear.

"Maybe this will teach you to respect other people's belongings," said Hunter, never letting up his assault on Kylie's bottom.

"But I didn't - OW! ..... Hunter, please, I swear, I didn't - OW! ..... Hunter, please, you're hurting me ....."

Almost as bad as the pain, however, was the humiliation. Kylie couldn't believe that she was over somebody's knee, getting her bottom smacked like a misbehaving child. Finally, Kylie felt Hunter stop, and rest his hand on her red, sore bottom.

"Hunter," Kylie managed to say, "please - "

"Hush," said her brother. "You know, I think has been a very good lesson for you, little sis. But I don't think it's quite sunk in just yet."

"Well, what more do you want?" asked Kylie in frustration. She struggled weakly against his grip. "I didn't do anything, and you've already spanked me anyway - "

"I think I was right before," said Hunter. "What would be a good lesson for you, Kylie, is to have your privacy violated."

"Wha-What do you mean?"

In response, Hunter took hold of Kylie's school uniform skirt and pulled it up, revealing her tight pink panties.

"HEY!"

"Feel violated yet, Kylie?" asked Hunter coldly. "No, I don't think so, not just yet."

After a moment, Kylie's blood turned cold as she felt Hunter's fingers slip into the waistband of her panties.

"Nice panties," said Hunter teasingly. "Interesting thing about panties ..... They don't cover much of a girl ..... and yet, they cover so much, don't they?"

"No!" Kylie tried to pull her hand free, to no avail. She began kicking her legs, trying anything she could to stop what she realized with a sinking heart was coming.

"Like I said, Kylie, this is a lesson for you. You need to have your privacy violated some, just like you did to me."

"But I didn't - No, Hunter, don't pull down my ..... "

Kylie suddenly froze.

" ..... panties," she finished in a tiny voice, as she felt her brother's hand now resting on the bare skin of her backside.

"I think that will do," said Hunter. "You're lucky I don't go any farther, Kylie. If I wanted to, I could strip you totally naked."

Kylie's mouth dropped. It was bad enough to have her bottom exposed to her brother's sight. The thought of being completely nude in front of him was more than she could bear.

"But I won't, because I think that's a bridge too far," said Hunter. "We're just going to wrap up your spanking - on the bare, as it should be - and then we'll be done. But first ..... "

"Wh-What are you doing now?" asked Kylie, as she spotted her brother picking up a scarf draped on her bedpost.

"I'm tired of your struggling," said Hunter.

Kylie bit her lip as she felt him tying her hands together behind her back. When he let go of her hands, she tried to pull them free, but could find no slack in the binding. She felt even more helpless now than she had before.

"Hunter, please - "

"Kylie, don't make me gag you, too."

Kylie fell silent, tensing herself up to endure the spanking she knew was coming.

For what seemed like several minutes, though, Hunter simply sat there ..... He sat there, unmoving, with Kylie's bare rear in his lap and her hands bound behind her back, not saying a word, making no effort to begin her spanking .....

Kylie tilted her head in confusion. What was he waiting for? It was almost like he was simply looking at something ..... But what could her brother be looking at, she wondered .....

"Let's get this over with," said Hunter. Within seconds, Kylie was sobbing again as Hunter's hand smacked her rapidly reddening bottom over and over. It was even worse now with nothing to cushion the blows, and the humiliation was ten times more intense now that her behind was bared to his sight.

Finally, Hunter seemed to decide that his sister had had enough. He pulled her panties back up into place and her skirt down, and untied her hands, letting her up at last.

Kylie sniffled as she rubbed her bottom, which felt like it was smoldering.

"I ..... I can't believe you took my panties down," she said, pouting weakly. Kylie's face was almost as red as her backside.

"Yeah, well, I'm gonna take your panties down again if you ever go into my room without my permission again," said Hunter harshly.

"But I didn't!" protested Kylie.

"Kylie, do you want me to take your panties down again right now?" said Hunter, glaring at her.

"No!"

"Then promise me that you'll never do it again."

"But Hunter - "

Kylie shrank away as her brother started toward her menacingly.

"All right, all right." Kylie held up her hands. "I - I promise I won't ever go into your room again if you're not there. Just, please, don't take my panties down again."

"Good. And listen, Kylie, just as a reminder to you to behave yourself, I am going to take your panties down again, tomorrow morning, before you go to school."

"What?" Kylie choked. "You're going to take my panties down again? But I didn't even - "

"Maybe I should take your panties down again right now," said Hunter.

"No, please - O-Okay, Hunter, fine, y-you can take my panties down tomorrow morning before school, all right."

"When you're ready for school tomorrow morning, come to my room. I'll just take your panties down once, and then you can go."

" ..... What are the kids at school going to think when they see that I can't sit down?"

"They'll think the same thing that they always think when somebody can't sit down - that she got a spanking. So what? You don't have to confirm it to them, or give them any details. If anybody asks, just say it's none of their business."

"Michelle and Amy will notice. And they're my best friends, I can't tell them it's none of their business."

"Of course you can. Even best friends have to have some boundaries of privacy. If Michelle and Amy really are your friends, they'll respect that."

Kylie lowered her head. Not knowing what else to say, she simply stood there quietly, sniffling as she rubbed her bottom.

"Kylie," said Hunter, his voice now suddenly very tender. He placed his hands on his sister's shoulders, and gently pulled her into a hug.

Almost in spite of herself, Kylie hugged him back, needing his comfort, needing anyone's comfort. She cried into his chest.

"Kylie, I love you," whispered Hunter. "I ..... I'm not sure that you really understand just how much I ..... I love you so much ..... That's the reason for this, Kylie. I took your panties down because I love you."

"I - I know," she said softly.

Hunter spent the next several minutes holding Kylie, letting her cry on his shoulder, and wiping her tears. Finally, he brought her to her bed, and helped her lie down.

"Get some rest," he told her softly, pulling the blanket over her. Kylie buried her face in her pillow as Hunter walked out the door.

As she lay there, still crying a little, Kylie whispered softly, "I guess ..... it isn't easy being a girl ..... "

Meanwhile, Hunter returned to his room, and closed the door. He sat down at his desk and tapped his computer idly, pondering everything that had just happened. Just then, his phone rang.

"Hello?"

"Hi, love," came a cheerful voice. It was his girlfriend, Lisa.

"Hi, sweetheart." Hunter smiled for the first time that afternoon.

"Is everything ..... taken care of?" asked Lisa.

"Oh, yes," breathed Hunter.

"Well, I can tell from that reaction ..... Was it everything you hoped for?"

"And more," said Hunter, feeling almost dizzy. "I can't believe I ..... I really did it ..... Lisa, I spanked my sister."

"That was the idea," Lisa reminded him.

"It was incredible," said Hunter heavily. "You know, Kylie has the cutest little ass - "

He suddenly froze.

"I mean - I mean next to yours, of course," he said hastily. "Well, that is - "

Lisa laughed.

"It's okay, love," she giggled. "I understand what you mean. I know your sister, and she does have the cutest little ass."

"I actually spanked Kylie ..... It was like one of my deepest fantasies had just come true. I've imagined it so many times, but I never thought I'd ..... "

Hunter shook his head.

"I took your advice, Lisa," he said. "It worked like a charm."

"Of course it did," said Lisa. "I told you it was foolproof. Just storm into her room, acting all mad, accuse her of some trumped-up charge, throw her over your knee, and spank her. Never fails."

"It was just like you said. Kylie was so desperate to convince me that she didn't do what I was accusing her of, that she never even considered the possibility that I was just making it up. It never even occurred to her that it was literally impossible for anybody to have entered my room while I was gone, since she and her friends were the only ones here."

"Told you so," said Lisa. "When I was growing up, my brothers did that to me and my sisters all the time, and we fell for it every single time ..... Every. Single. Time."

She let out a heavy sigh.

"It wasn't until years later that I figured out what those boys were doing to us girls, and by then it was too late for us to do anything about it."

Lisa paused.

"By the time I realized that what my brothers were doing was almost certainly sexually motivated, it was something years in the past."

Lisa noted that her boyfriend was suddenly dead quiet. She smiled, knowing he was blushing intensely at her implicit analysis of his actions.

"I expect it will be the same with Kylie," she said.

"I hope so," said Hunter. "If Kylie realizes what I did - "

"She won't," said Lisa. "I can tell you from personal experience that girls usually don't, and besides, I know your sister. She's ..... Well, Kylie is a really sweet girl, but she is just a little too innocent, especially for a 15-year-old. She amazes me sometimes. I'll bet she never even understood that you were, ahem, admiring the sight of her bare backside."

"I suppose not, Lisa."

"So the question now is, are you going to spank her again?"

"I've already got the next one set up. I told Kylie that I'm going to spank her again tomorrow morning, and she was so afraid of being spanked again right now that she gave in without an argument."

"Well done, honey."

"Honestly, Lisa, I can't wait to make up another excuse to spank Kylie ..... Well, actually, it seems like we're not calling it 'spanking.' Kylie said something about how she couldn't believe that I took her panties down, and I used that phrase to describe it, and it seems to have stuck now. It looks like we're calling it that. It's not 'spanking,' it's 'taking her panties down.' I kept saying that over and over, and so did she - I've actually gotten her calling it that now."

"Oh, that is so adorable," Lisa giggled.

Lisa paused, and then her voice became more serious.

"You took the rest of my advice, too, though, right?" she said. "You comforted Kylie afterward, didn't you?"

"Yes, absolutely. I did everything you told me to. I hugged Kylie, I let her cry into my shoulder, and I told her that I loved her."

"Good, very good. Never forget, this is super-important, love. If you're going to spank Kylie, then you have to comfort her afterward. My brothers usually did that for me and my sisters, but a few times, they didn't, and it was just the most awful thing."

"I'm sorry, Lisa. I promise, I will never forget to do that with Kylie, ever."

"That's good, honey."

"You know ..... I told Kylie that I took her panties down because I love her. Well, I do love her, and I guess I really did do it because I love her ..... Just not quite in the way that she would have assumed I meant, I guess."

Hunter was silent, gazing at the floor.

"Lisa, it was just ..... You know, I do enjoy spanking you, honey, but it just isn't ..... "

"I know," said Lisa softly. "There's nothing quite like spanking a girl who doesn't want to be spanked, is there? Believe me, I understand. I mean, I'm a girl, so naturally I'm a spankee, not a spanker. But I remember when my brothers spanked me and my sisters, while we were struggling and pleading with them to stop. I didn't comprehend it then, but as I picture those times in my head now, I can see how much joy it brought to the boys, to have us girls in such a vulnerable ..... Well, anyway, love, just remember ..... Kylie is still your baby sister, whatever else she may be to you. It's still your responsibility to look after her, to love and protect her, and to take good care of her."

"I will, Lisa. Always. Thanks."

"Talk to you tomorrow, love."

"G'night."

For a long time, Hunter sat there, with his eyes closed, picturing Kylie's incredibly cute little backside, totally bare, in his lap, turning bright red as he smacked it over and over ..... Almost involuntarily, he smiled .....

After a while, he picked up his phone, and pulled up a picture of Kylie with her friends, Amy and Michelle. For a moment, he gazed admiringly at how pretty all three girls looked, especially in their short uniform skirts with bare legs.

Hunter contemplated what had just happened with Kylie, and then a thought occurred to him. He was friends with Amy and Michelle's older brothers, Robert and Connor. It had never occurred to him until just now, but maybe there was a way for Hunter to spare Kylie the embarrassment of her best friends asking if she was spanked, and also do his friends Robert and Connor a favor at the same time.

After several minutes of thought, Hunter decided to make a couple of phone calls .....

The next morning, the door to Hunter's room opened, and Kylie emerged, in her school uniform, red-faced and rubbing her bottom.

"All right, now, you get to school, Kylie," said Hunter, prodding his little sister along. "If you still feel like crying when you get there, go into the restroom on the basement level and take a moment. There's usually nobody down there this early in the morning."

"Okay," sniffled Kylie, her hands still massaging her rear. "Thank you, Hunter."

"Now just remember what I said, Kylie. Tonight, just before you go to bed."

"Y-You're really going to take my panties down again?" asked Kylie, looking at her brother in despair. "I thought - I thought we were finished."

"This isn't a punishment, Kylie. I explained this. I'm just going to take your panties down for a little bit, just as a reminder. It won't last long, it'll just sting a little bit, I promise. It'll be good for you, I think."

Kylie looked at her shoes.

"Okay," she said softly.

"Just one moment," said Hunter. He gently turned his sister around so she had her back to him. Kylie felt him lift up her skirt and pull the waistband of her panties so he could see her backside. For a long moment, he simply gazed at it.

Kylie began to wonder why he was taking so long. She understood, of course, that he wanted to check her bottom to make sure it wasn't too badly hurt. After all, why else would he be looking at it? But why was he looking for such a long time?

"I think I should get to school, Hunter," Kylie finally said.

"Uh, right." Hunter seemed abashed. He let go of her panties and pulled her skirt back down into place.

"Thank you, Hunter."

"Um, anyway ..... Don't forget, Kylie. When it's time for you to go to bed tonight, go to your room, take off your skirt, and your blouse, and wait for me. When it's time, I'll come to your room and take your panties down ..... If you're a good girl, I'll let you keep your bra on this time."

Kylie's face instantly turned crimson, but she managed to simply say, "Th-Thank you, Hunter."

Kylie made her way to school, still feeling soreness in her backside. For the first time that she could remember, she was dreading seeing her best friends, knowing that Amy and Michelle would both notice right away that she was having a hard time sitting down, and they were certain to ask her about it.

But when she saw the girls at school ..... Much to her surprise, neither Amy nor Michelle seemed to want to ask her anything about it. It was almost like they wanted to avoid the subject at all costs. During their first class, Kylie was puzzling over her friends' apparent lack of interest in discussing the matter .....

….. but, then, Kylie noticed that Amy and Michelle seemed to be having a hard time sitting down, too.

Kylie sighed and murmured, "It just isn't easy being a girl."


7. Cousin Brandy

Dave walked into his bedroom and simultaneously shut the door behind him, threw his bookbag on the bed, and let out a heavy sigh.

The 16-year-old boy sat down at his desk, idly wondering if he might have time to get a little basketball practice in before he had to do his homework, when his thoughts were interrupted by his bedroom door suddenly flying open.

"Hey," said Dave, getting to his feet as his 15-year-old sister, Carly, walked in. "Have you ever heard of knocking?"

Carly folded her arms and locked eyes with her brother.

"STRIP," she said.

"What?" said Dave, almost involuntarily.

"You heard me," said Carly. "Strip. Get naked for me."

"Oh, come on," whined Dave. "Haven't you seen me naked enough times already, Carly?"

"That's MISS Carly to you," said his sister coldly. "And I'm in charge of you, remember, so do as I say and strip."

"But - "

"Is there a problem in here?"

Dave and Carly's 19-year-old cousin, Brandy, appeared in the doorway. She had been left to look after Dave and Carly while their parents were away on a trip.

"Uh, no," said Dave nervously. "No problem, it's just - "

"Yes, there's a problem." Carly turned to Brandy. "He won't do as I tell him."

"What did you tell him to do?" asked Brandy.

"She wants me to take off my clothes," said Dave.

"Then why are you not naked?" demanded Brandy.

"Brandy, I shouldn't have to strip for my sister - "

"That's MISS Brandy to you," she retorted.

"And he called me Carly," Carly said.

"All right," said Brandy. "So far, we have refusing to obey an order from your sister, failing to call her and me by the properly respectful terms, and daring to suggest that a boy has the right to refuse to strip for a girl. Carly, you will give your brother four spankings, as soon as he is naked."

"That's not fair," protested Dave.

"Five spankings," said Brandy. "Care for another, little boy?"

"Carly shouldn't be allowed to spank me," said Dave. "I'm older than her, I should be - "

"You are a boy," said Brandy icily. "And boys are meant to obey girls. It doesn't matter who is older or younger, what matters is that Carly is a girl and therefore she's in charge of you. Now, you're already getting six spankings, I suggest you undress before you rack up any more punishments."

Dave lowered his head and reluctantly began to unbutton his shirt.

"I trust you'll take care of things," Brandy said to Carly.

"Sure thing. Thanks, Cousin Brandy."

Brandy turned and headed for the door. Just before she walked out of the room, she glanced back and smiled with satisfaction as Dave took his pants down for his smirking sister.

As she headed down the stairs, Brandy thought about how she had looked after Dave and Carly when they were eight and seven years old. She smiled as she remembered how she would always have Carly help her bathe Dave, while sending Dave to his room when it was Carly's turn to take a bath. Brandy loved letting Carly see Dave in the altogether, while refusing to let Dave see Carly when she wasn't fully dressed.

Whenever Dave wondered why it was okay for Carly to see him naked, but he couldn't even see Carly in her underwear, Brandy always pointedly told him that girls had every right to see boys naked but boys had no right to see girls undressed. She always loved the look of confusion and sadness in Dave's eyes, feeling like he was inferior to Carly simply because he was a boy.

That was eight years ago. Now, Dave and Carly were teenagers, and Brandy was finding a joy that she had never imagined possible in making Dave strip for Carly, obey her every command, and even get spanked by her.

Brandy walked into Dave and Carly's parents' bedroom, where she was staying while they were gone. She paused to look at herself in the mirror, as she always did, and smirked as she remarked, "Gorgeous as always," brushing her long red hair.

Life is good, she thought as she plopped down into her uncle's armchair. She was looking forward to seeing how difficult it would be for Dave to sit comfortably at the dinner table.

"Sometimes, it isn't easy being a boy, I guess," she said in amusement.

.....

"Carly ..... I mean, Miss Carly ..... Please don't spank me again," said Dave in a pitiful, begging tone.

"Over my knee, little boy," said Carly pointedly.

Dave whimpered as he slowly approached his younger sister. He tried to ignore the all-too-familiar feeling of embarrassment at being naked in front of Carly, of having to take orders from his little sister, and of being spanked, like a child, by a girl, a younger girl to boot.

Within seconds, Dave was sobbing as Carly brought her paddle down on his bare bottom again and again, as she had done so many times before.

"Why are you doing this to me, Miss Carly?" he managed to say. "I'm your brother. Don't you care about me?"

"Sure I do," said Carly softly. "But the chance to humiliate a cute naked boy doesn't come along every day, you know."

She paused, and then giggled.

"Oh, wait, maybe it does," she laughed.

.....

Dave grimaced as he tried, with little success, to find a comfortable position as he sat at his desk.

Brandy had sent him to his room without dinner as punishment for forgetting to call her "Miss Brandy" again. He didn't really mind so much. Although he was hungry, he had long since decided that going without food was preferable to spending any more time in his cousin and sister's presence than he needed to.

Now, he was engaged in his usual evening activity of feeling extremely sorry for himself.

After a while, his phone beeped. Dave checked it, and saw a text message, from his friend Valerie, the pretty girl who lived next door. He read it, and then sighed.

.....

"Hi, Dave."

"Hi, Valerie."

"I saw what your sister did to you," said Valerie softly.

"How did you - "

"You really should close the curtains on your windows once in a while."

"Argh," groaned Dave. "Y-You saw ..... everything, Valerie?"

"I'm sorry," said Valerie. "I'm not trying to embarrass you, Dave."

After a moment, Dave sighed and asked, "Well, did you at least like what you saw?"

"Oh, Dave," Valerie giggled. "Well, yeah, I did rather enjoy the show."

Valerie's tone became serious.

"But I certainly didn't enjoy the way your sister was treating you."

"Well, neither did I, really."

"You have got to do something about this, Dave."

"Like what? Brandy's in charge while my mom and dad are gone."

"You need to do what I told you to."

"I could get into a lot of trouble for that, Valerie."

"And what exactly do you call the spot you're in right now? You're already in trouble, I think. At least you'll have a chance - "

"I don't know, Valerie."

For a moment, there was silence.

"I want to help, Dave," said Valerie softly. "Listen ..... "

She hesitated.

"I'm a girl," she said.

Dave blinked.

"Really?" he exclaimed. "No kidding? When did THAT happen?"

"I'm serious, Dave."

"Okay, you're a girl. What's your point?"

"Well," Valerie took a deep breath. "Your cousin and sister are girls, and they are treating you horribly, because you're a boy. It's obviously a gender battle, ultimately, so ..... Dave, if you can't do anything to Brandy or Carly, then maybe you could punish me in their place."

"What?" broke from Dave, almost involuntarily.

"Dave," said Valerie softly. "Maybe it would help you to get some revenge for the way those two girls are treating you. Now, if you can't get revenge on them directly, then maybe you should come over here and punish me instead, as a kind of 'proxy.' Since I'm a girl, too, you could spank me for a while, in place of the girls who have hurt you."

"V-Valerie - "

"I promise, I won't take it personally," she said sincerely. "And hopefully you'll feel a little better to have vented some of that anger I know you're bottling up inside."

For a long moment, Dave could only sit in astonished silence, and then he laughed softly.

"Valerie, that may be the nicest thing anyone's offered to do for me in a long time." Dave shook his head. "Val, you are so sweet, I could never do that to you."

"But - "

"Valerie." Dave tried to sound firm. "Thank you very much for the offer. I really, really appreciate it, more than I think you know. But I can handle things myself."

"Okay," said Valerie after a few moments. "But just remember, I'm here for you, Dave."

"Thanks, Valerie. G'night."

"Good night ..... "

.....

"Carly, please, don't do this to me," Dave begged.

His sister turned and glared at him.

"Miss Carly," Dave corrected himself, unable to hide his terror. "Please, I'll get naked for you any time you want, just please don't let your friends see me like this."

"You'll get naked for me any time I want anyway," said Carly coldly. "And you will obey my commands, including this one."

"But - "

"Do I have to repeat myself? This is the last time, little boy. From now on, whenever you are at home, you will be naked at ALL times. You will strip off at the front door, and Cousin Brandy and I can both touch you anywhere we want, anytime we want. And I will be inviting the girls over on Saturday, and you will wait on us. Naked."

"Miss Carly, please - "

"Don't worry, it won't be too many girls." Carly's lips curled into a cruel smirk. "Maybe just ten or fifteen of my closest friends."

Carly walked out of Dave's room, laughing, leaving her devastated brother behind.

For several minutes, Dave simply stood in the middle of his room, nude, contemplating the pit of despair that his life had become. His dismal thoughts were interrupted by a familiar beep.

"Well?" read the text message. "Have you had all you can stand, and you can't stand no more?"

.....

"I still don't see how this is going to help," said Dave, as Valerie placed a chair in the center of her bedroom.

"I told you," said Valerie. "You need to take revenge for what Carly and Brandy are doing to you."

"How will spanking you be revenge on Carly and Brandy?" asked Dave, slightly frustrated.

"It's cathartic. Dave, girls have hurt you. You need to voice that hurt, express that anger instead of keeping it stifled inside of you. And since I'm a girl, you can vent those emotions by spanking me."

Valerie took a deep breath as she faced her friend.

"Okay," she said. "Begin."

Dave stared at her dumbly.

Valerie rolled her eyes.

"Tell me to take my clothes off," she said, as if explaining something to a small child.

Dave's face contorted.

"Do you want to take your clothes off?" he asked.

"No, I don't," said Valerie. "That's kind of the idea here, isn't it?"

"Valerie, I don't want you to - "

"Dave." Valerie gazed at her friend levelly. "You need to do this, now do it."

"Um, okay," said Dave hesitantly. "Uh, get undressed."

"Dave," Valerie sighed in exasperation. "In order for this to work, you have to take charge. You have to take control. It's the first step to taking back control of your life. Now, order me to strip!"

"Okay," said Dave. He swallowed hard and then took a deep breath.

"Strip! Now!" Dave tried to raise his voice, but one look at the face of his sweet, pretty friend made him crumble almost instantly, and the words came out more like a strangled cough.

" ….. I guess that will have to do," said Valerie heavily. "We're going to need to work on that, Dave."

Valerie began to unbutton her dress.

Dave's eyes widened as Valerie removed her dress and placed it on her bed, followed by her bra, and then her panties. The boy's mouth slowly fell open as ever more of Valerie's smooth, flawless skin was exposed to his sight.

He had always thought of his friend as pretty, and had even had a few daydreams and fantasies about her, but he had also mostly thought of her as a friend, the literal girl next door. It wasn't until now that he finally realized just how beautiful she really was .....

"Are you okay?" Valerie asked, snapping Dave out of his reverie.

He immediately looked down, embarrassed to realize Valerie had caught him gaping at her naked body.

"You should try breathing a little more," Valerie advised him.

"Th-Thanks," mumbled Dave.

He managed to force himself to look up, and felt surprised - though he didn't know why - to see that Valerie was blushing intensely. Dave had felt so embarrassed himself that he didn't even consider how Valerie must feel, not only at being naked in front of a boy, even if he was her closest friend, but also at the realization that he had seemed to find her attractive.

"Okay," said Valerie after a moment. "It's time for the next part."

"Uh ..... "

"Tell me that you're going to spank me," said Valerie, trying not to roll her eyes again. "Tell me that I'm a girl, so I deserve to be spanked."

"But I don't think that girls - "

"That's not the point." Valerie was becoming increasingly frustrated. "It's what you need to say to me, Dave. It doesn't matter whether you believe it or not. You need to vent your feelings."

"Okay," said Dave. "I'm going to spank you. You're a girl, you deserve to be spanked."

Dave tried to sound harsh, but now he was hampered, not only by his affection for his closest friend but also his entrancement at her naked beauty, and the words came out barely above a whisper.

"Dave," Valerie shook her head. She sounded angry now. "Dave, do you care about me?"

"What?" Dave was confused. "Of course I care about you, Valerie, why would - "

"Then do this right!" Valerie said, her own voice rising. "Dave, I love you, you're the most wonderful boy I've ever known, the best friend I've ever had. I care about you, and when you're hurting, like you are right now, I want to help you."

Valerie shook her head, tears forming in her eyes.

"But I can't help you if you won't let me!" she fairly shouted at Dave, making him shrink back. "Dave, when I see you hurting, that hurts ME. And if you really care about me, then you'll want to do something to make me stop hurting, like I'm trying to do for you. You will do this if you care about me!"

She bit her lip as she looked into her friend's uncertain, anxious face.

"Think about Carly," she told him. "Think about Brandy. Think about how they've hurt you. Think about the cruelty, the humiliation. Think about how angry that makes you feel. Now let that anger come through. Don't hide it, don't suppress it, don't pretend it doesn't exist. And then, act on it, Dave - Look at me, not as your friend, but as a girl, like the girls who have hurt you, and act on your anger!"

Dave stared at her for a long moment, emotions now growing inside of him, fighting for control, now becoming a firestorm in his heart.

Before he knew what was happening, he had stalked over to Valerie, nearly knocking the chair over in the process, and grabbed her by the arm, ignoring the wince in her face at his viselike grip.

"You're getting a spanking!" he told her in a menacing voice that she had never heard from him before. "I'm putting you over my knee, and I'm going to paddle your ass! I'm going to beat your bare butt until it's red and raw!"

Dave's voice was becoming louder and ever more shrill, until he was roaring at Valerie.

"You're a girl, so you should be spanked! ..... You're a girl, so you deserve to be spanked! ..... YOU'RE A GIRL! YOU NEED TO BE SPANKED!"

Within seconds, Dave was in the chair and Valerie was over his knees, her bare rear squarely on his lap. He scarcely even seemed to register the cries of pain, the sobbing that was coming from his friend as he brought his hand down on her rump again and again, watching it turn rapidly turn pink and then a deeper and deeper crimson .....

.....

"Wow." Valerie sniffled, but summoned a brave smile to her lips as she rubbed her bottom. "Um, y-you are r-really g-good at this, Dave."

"Did I do it too hard?" asked Dave worriedly. "I'm sorry, Valerie - "

"No," said Valerie firmly. "Don't be sorry. Don't apologize."

Valerie self-consciously adjusted her dress, now back on her body, but without any panties on underneath.

"I think that for the time being, the less I have in contact with my bottom, the better off I'll be," she had said ruefully.

She gazed at Dave.

"You don't say you're sorry to a girl you've punished," she told him firmly. "You did what you needed to do, and you don't have to apologize for it."

"Thanks," murmured Dave.

"How did it make you feel?" asked Valerie in a soft voice. "How did you feel when you were spanking me?"

"I ..... I'm not sure," said Dave slowly. "It felt like ..... Like all of the anger I was feeling about Brandy and Carly was coming right out of me and through my hand ..... I ..... I guess it did make me feel better, like I was getting my own back for what the girls have been doing to me."

"That's good," said Valerie approvingly. "What else did it make you feel?"

"It ..... It made me feel ..... "

"Stronger?" suggested Valerie.

Dave paused, and then shook his head. "No. I don't think I felt stronger."

"Focused?" tried Valerie.

Dave's eyes widened. "Yeah, I think that's it, Valerie ..... I felt ..... like I knew what I wanted to do. Like I knew what I needed to do. I haven't felt that in a while. Up until now, I've been feeling like I had no idea what to do, I didn't know what I even wanted to do."

"Well, I think you do now," said Valerie.

"Valerie, I'm not sure that - "

"No!" said Valerie, taking hold of Dave's shoulders in a grip that was firm for her. "Don't go back, Dave. Don't slide back into that ..... You know what you have to do now. So go over there and do it. Do you understand me, Dave? Go over there and do what you have to do, do what you need to do!"

Dave stared at her, and then nodded - slowly at first, and then more and more emphatically.

"I will," he vowed. "Thanks, Valerie. I know what to do now."

Valerie smiled and nodded at him.

Dave turned and headed out of Valerie's bedroom. As he reached the door, he heard Valerie clear her throat.

"Dave?" she said. She lowered her head, gazing at her feet, while crossing her wrists in front of her waist. After a moment, she looked up, and smiled. "You, um ..... You can spank me any time you want."

Now, it was Dave's turn to blush.

As he walked down the path to his own house, Dave fervently hoped that the blush would fade before he went in to his house.

.....

Brandy was sitting in bed, lazily thumbing through a teen magazine. She was contemplating what she would have Dave cook for dinner tonight, smiling at the thought of giving his bare butt cheeks a smack every now and then to remind him that she and Carly were waiting.

Her pleasant daydreams were suddenly and rudely interrupted when the bedroom door flew open, making a loud smack as it hit the wall.

"HEY!" Brandy exclaimed, more out of shock than anger, as Dave came in.

"What the hell do you think you're doing, little boy?" she demanded, jumping to her feet. "How dare you come storming into my room without even asking! And why aren't you naked? Didn't Carly tell you that you're to be naked at all times in the house? How dare you wear clothing without our permission!"

Brandy fully expected Dave to shrink in fear at the sound of her raging voice, the way he had always, always done before. To her surprise, he didn't even flinch, but simply gazed levelly at her.

"We need to talk, Brandy," said Dave ominously.

"That's MISS Brandy to you," said Brandy, recovering from her surprise and putting her usual sneer back on. "You're going to get a spanking for that, and for wearing unauthorized clothes, AND for coming into my room without knocking! Now, unless you want even more, strip right now and go to your room!"

Dave didn't move a muscle.

"We need to talk, Brandy," he repeated, as he turned and quietly closed the door.

.....

Dave was sitting at his desk, silently thinking, pondering this and that ..... Mostly, he was thinking about girls. The girls in his life. Brandy. Carly. And Valerie - above all, Valerie.

He was not at all surprised when his thoughts were interrupted by his door flying open and Carly walking in, the usual smug smirk on her face.

"Hey," said Carly, glaring at Dave. "What's the matter with you? Didn't I tell you to be naked in the house? Now strip!"

Dave gazed at her.

"I've got a better idea," said Dave, getting to his feet. "Why don't you strip instead, Carly?"

For a moment, Carly stared at him, stunned, speechless.

"I beg your pardon?" Carly asked in a dangerous tone.

"I said," said Dave, "Why don't you strip instead, Carly? I'd kind of like to see you naked, and it would be a nice change of pace around here."

"H-How dare you - You're going to pay for that, little boy! Now, take your clothes off and get over my knee!"

Dave folded his arms in front of him and stood resolutely.

"Oh, so that's how it's going to be, huh?" said Carly in amusement. "Well, we'll see about that. Brandy!"

Carly waited ..... and waited ..... Soon, the smirk on her face faded and was replaced with confusion. She glanced at the door expectantly, wondering why there was nobody there.

"Cousin Brandy!" she called out. "Cousin Brandy, I need you! ..... Cousin Brandy?"

"I don't think she'll be answering you," said Dave.

"What's going on?" demanded Carly. "Where is she?"

"Maybe she's in her room," shrugged Dave. "Why don't you go take a look?"

Carly stared at him with a mixture of bewilderment, anger, frustration, and still some of her usual smugness as she turned and headed down the hall to their parents' bedroom.

Dave waited a moment, and then smiled when he heard the inevitable shriek from Carly as soon as she opened the bedroom door.

With a smug smirk on his face that rather resembled the one Carly had had just a moment earlier, Dave walked out of his room. As expected, Carly was staring, aghast, at the sight that greeted her in Brandy's room.

Brandy was sitting on the bed.

When Carly opened the door, Brandy had looked up at her with red, tear-filled eyes, but said nothing. She could say nothing with the gag tied tightly in her mouth.

Carly took a step back, recoiling in shock and horror. Brandy was tied up with several coils of rope, and she was completely naked, bearing some light bruises on her body and disheveled hair. Not only that, but Brandy was shifting awkwardly on the bed in the manner that Carly recognized at once, because she'd seen it from Dave many times - the manner of somebody unable to sit comfortably on a red, thoroughly spanked bottom.

"Trouble?" asked Dave in an innocent voice, smiling at Carly.

"Wh-What did you do to her?" asked Carly in a small voice.

"Does it matter?"

"Um, it might," said Carly, wide-eyed.

"Here's what matters," said Dave, with a calmness that sent waves of terror through Carly. "It's over, Carly."

Dave smiled, a dark smile that Carly had never seen from him before.

"And at the same time, it's just beginning."

"Wh-What are you going to do to me?" asked Carly, shrinking away from her brother, her voice shrinking even faster.

"I won't do anything to you that you haven't done to me," promised Dave.

Carly's eyes bugged out.

"Oh, My God," she whispered in horror.

"Well, I'll cut you a break on one thing, Carly," said Dave. "You don't have to be naked all the time in the house, like you were doing to me."

"A-All the time?" said Carly in anguish. "But I will have to be naked for you?"

"Of course." Dave rolled his eyes. "Did you really think that would even be a question. Anyway, count your blessings, Carly."

Dave turned to Brandy.

"You," he told her, "will be naked at all times in the house from now on. And I can touch you anywhere I want, any time I want. Understand?"

"Mmm-hmmm, mmm-hmmm, mmm-hmmm," Brandy mumbled through her gag, nodding her head emphatically.

"And don't forget," continued Dave. "After our parents return and you go home, you will keep the camera in your computer on at all times, so that I can do spot checks to make sure you're staying naked in your bedroom."

"Mmm-hmmm," said Brandy again, nodding her head.

"Not a stitch of clothing for you," Dave told her. "Assuming you don't want me to show anybody those pictures I have of you."

The words brought a look of anguish to Brandy, who sobbed through her gag as she looked at her feet.

"Dave," said Carly, biting her lip.

"That's MISTER Dave to you," said Dave pointedly.

"M-Mister Dave," said Carly at once. "Y-You can't do this to Brandy. She's older than you - "

"It doesn't matter who is older or younger," said Dave, taking on the same tone that Brandy had used before. "What matters is that I'm a boy, and therefore I'm in charge of her, AND YOU."

"P-Please - "

"You are a girl, Carly. And girls are meant to obey boys, isn't that right?"

Carly stared at him.

"Y-Yes," she managed to say, the words obviously paining her deeply. "Girls are meant to obey boys, always."

"We're going to be playing a lot more games, Carly," said Dave, quite matter-of-factly. "And I'm looking forward to them. The difference is that from now on, you're going to be the naked one, not me."

He smiled.

"I'm particularly looking forward to bathing you tonight, Carly."

"B-Bathing me?" shrieked Carly. "I never did that to you!"

"Sure you did. Or rather, you helped her do it." Dave jerked his head toward Brandy.

"That was when we were like eight!" exclaimed Carly.

"I know." Dave's lips curled as he casually looked Carly up and down. "I have a feeling it's going to be a LOT more fun when I do it, Carly."

Carly whimpered.

"But first," said Dave, taking a firm grip on his sister's arm. "It's time for YOUR spanking, Carly."

"No," she whispered.

Dave pulled Carly toward his bedroom door, smirking as he said, "I feel like I've been waiting for this my whole life."

.....

Carly walked into her bedroom and simultaneously shut the door behind her, threw her bookbag on the bed, and let out a heavy sigh.

She had barely managed to sit down at her desk when the door suddenly flew open.

"Can't you ever knock?" asked Carly in exasperation as Dave walked in.

Dave folded his arms and locked eyes with his sister.

"STRIP," he said.

"What?" asked Carly in dismay.

"You heard me. Strip. Get naked for me."

"Aw, come on," whined Carly. "Haven't you seen me naked enough times by now, Dave?"

"That's MISTER Dave to you," said her brother coldly. "And I'm in charge of you, remember, so do as I say and strip."

Carly slowly got to her feet and suppressed a sob as she began to unbutton her blouse.

"Is Cousin Brandy still naked?" she asked in a low voice.

"Of course," said Dave. "She's cooking dinner right now. I gave her a nice little slap on her butt cheeks to remind her to get it done on time."

Carly whimpered again as she pulled her blouse off her shoulders and unzipped her skirt.

Dave smiled as he watched Carly undress.

"It isn't always easy being a boy," he mused. "But I guess it's a lot easier than being a girl."

Out of the corner of his eye, Dave spotted some movement in the window, and looked up to see Valerie smiling at him from her bedroom window.

Valerie watched the scene unfolding in Carly's room for a moment, and then got up and walked away, but not before giving Dave a coy wink.

Dave's smile deepened as he realized that after he was finished with Carly and Brandy, there was still one more girl he was looking forward to undressing tonight ..…

