Showoff Wife
by topo ©

This year we went to Cancun Mexico for a six-day vacation. We had been 
there several times before and already had a few friends in the area. We 
arrived early Thursday evening. We checked into our hotel, showered and 
headed for the clubs. Whenever we are away from town we take advantage of 
the opportunity for Judy to dress seductively. She has a beautiful all 
over tan and looks great in white, pink and yellow; so, her wardrobe 
consisted of mostly these colors. She decided on a white very soft and 
very short sun dress. 

It is totally backless almost down to her crack; consequently, so bra and 
very skimpy t-back. The front was scooped low...not much fabric at all. We 
ended up at Senior Froggs for most of the evening. We met up with a group 
that we often partied with down there. Judy gets the chance to dance with 
lots of guys. She enjoys sitting in the laps of our friends while drinking 
and talking. One of the guys asked her if she was wearing knickers because 
of the deep cut in the back...she told him sorta...he said that he didn't 
think that she was. 

At the time she was sitting across from him on another guys lap. She 
scooted her dress up to her waist and pull her knickers down and off; 
baring herself to anybody close by. She balled the knickers up and stuffed 
them in his drink and said here's your proof. The kid pulled the knickers 
out of the glass and squeezed the drink from the knickers back into the 
glass and made a big thing about sniffing her knickers. Then, he made a 
bigger deal about drinking his drink and remarking about how much better 
she made it with her own juices. Judy was sitting on this other guy's lap 
with her dress still up enough that she had her bare ass on his legs. 

She danced with all the guys until early morning when we headed back to 
our room. We had a date in the morning to go out with our friends 
snorkeling. We agreed on the way home that she would not wear knickers the 
rest of the time that we were in Mexico. She even came up with a plan to 
make sure that she didn't. When we got back to the room she took a shower 
and wrapped in a towel gathered up all her knickers and walked out of the 
room. She came back a few minutes later dragging her towel behind her. I 
asked her what she did and she said look down the hall. I looked out and 
all the way down the hall were her knickers hanging on door knobs. She said 
that before she put them on the knob she rubbed each of them between her 
legs so that she would leave a scent.

The next day we met our friend at the dock at noon. There were a total of 
six of us on the boat. Three guys and three gals. She was wearing a wrap 
and under it the most outrageous bikini that she owns. It consists of a 
g-string bottom with the front only about two inches wide and three inches 
long. The back is just thin cord that runs up her ass and around her 
waist. The top is pieces just barely covering her nipples...not even close 
to covering her breasts. Bright yellow and black. She looks great in it.

As soon as we got underway the gals all removed their covers and went up 
front for the ride out...basically to show off. It wasn't long before all 
three had removed their tops. Judy's bottom was next to useless. The patch 
of cloth kept riding into her...nearly out of sight. We got to the site 
where we would snorkel and tied up with about six other boats and party 
boats. There were about 30-40 people partying on the water. The girls on 
our boat got lots of attention since most of the other boats had just 
guys. Many of them were taking pictures of the girls and the girls were 
showing off for them.

They ended up on one of the party boats (pontoon) and doing a lot of 
dancing. It was so erotic watching her dance with all those half naked 
guys with her practically naked. By now her bottom was not no good at all. 
The material was totally riding up inside of her. She was naked! The guys 
danced mostly by grabbing her ass and pulling her into their grinding 
hips. Judy was dancing with this one guy and they were doing the dirtiest 
dirty dancing I?ve seen her do. She was reaching into his trunks and 
pulling them almost all the way off. 

As she likes to do, while not dancing she was sitting in the laps of the 
guys as she drank. She was on a bench-type seat on a pontoon on a guy's 
lap. The kid who took her knickers last night was sitting next to them. She 
drained her drink and pulled his trunks out and put the ice down his 
crotch. The kid jumped up and Judy told him to sit back down...he did and 
she reached into his trunks and fished around for the ice. It was obvious 
that she was playing around with something else. She pulled out a piece of 
ice and started to suck on it....the guys all around starting hooting and 
hollering. She told him that the ice tastes better this way.

The rest of the afternoon was spent swimming, dancing and drinking. We 
didn't come back in until nearly nightfall.