Jenny's Lap Dance by Chris Hailey, Copyright 2017

Story codes: Mg12, mast, lapdance
Summary: Jenny loves to sit on laps! Tonight, her parents are having a grown-up party, and she finds the perfect lap to plop down on.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

================





Jenny loves to sit on laps. She always has, as long as she can remember. Ever since she was a little girl.

Sometimes, when she's sitting on a snuggly lap, she likes to settle down and cuddle up. But usually she's very squirmy when she's sitting on a lap. She's a very squirmy girl, and when she's ​sitting on just the right kind of lap, all she wants to do is squirm and bounce.

And tonight, she's sitting on just the right kind of lap!

Her parents are having a party tonight, and there's all kinds of loud music, and grown-ups everywhere. She's been drinking Dr. Pepper all night, and she's on a sugar rush like you wouldn't believe, and since there are no kids her age to goof around with, she starts looking for somewhere to sit and squirm and squiggle to the music. And that's when she sees a lap! Hooray! It belongs to Steven, one of her daddy's friends, a very cute and big and strong man, who's sitting down and sipping his drink and watching the crowd of people dance.

And I bet you can guess what Jenny does as soon as she finds a lap she wants to sit on. She plops right down!




Steven is surprised to find a fidgety twelve-year-old, the​ daughter of the party's​ host, suddenly bouncing on his lap. It's a pleasant surprise, for sure. She'd attracted his attention earlier that evening when she was dancing and gyrating to the music. He noticed her then, because of her little cut-off jeans and her tight purple tee-shirt. The teeshirt's nice and tight against her chest, showing off the shape of a sweet little pair of growing assets beneath a training bra. And the shorts, well, they're not as tight as the teeshirt but they have their own charm, cut high up her long skinny legs.

Jenny, his new little knee-bouncer, is just an amazingly cute thing, shoulder-length golden locks, a sugar-rush blush on her round freckled cheeks, a little button of a nose, blue sparkles for her eyes. Steven can't help himself; he feels a stirring in his groin the moment she plops her skinny bottom down on his lap. Hell, it's hard to imagine any man, even the gayest man in America, who wouldn't feel a stirring in his groin when this little budding princess hops on and starts giving him a lap dance.

She has a can of Dr. Pepper in her hand, and she leans over to grab a bowl of Bugles sitting on a table nearby. She sets the Dr. Pepper down on the table, next to Steven's drink, and proceeds to take Bugles from the bowl and put them on the ends of her fingers. Once she's got one hand Bugled, she tries to do the same to the other, but it's harder, with the fingers of her first hand already topped with Bugles now. Steven laughs at her, then helps her, grabbing a few Bugles out of the bowl and fitting them to the ends of her remaining fingers. He still has a couple remaining in his hand when they're done, and these he feeds to her, one at a time, plopping them in her open mouth amid her giggles. She holds her hands out and admires her Bugle-topped fingers, wiggling them, then eats the Bugles from her fingers one at a time.

When her fingertips are empty again, she reaches back to her Dr. Pepper, but picks up Steven's drink instead. She holds it up to her nose and feels the tickle of the fizzy bubbles of the tonic water, and the sharpness and strangeness of the smell of the alcohol.

"What is this?" she asks him.

"Gin and tonic," he answers.

"Oh. Is it good?" She lifts the glass to her mouth.

His eyes dart around the room to see if anyone is watching. No one is, but it doesn't matter anyway. She's already taken a drink.

"Ewww," she says, crinkling her nose and sticking out her tongue.

"Too strong?" he asks her.

"It's..." She takes another drink. "It tastes funny." A third drink.

"Alright, that's enough, little lady," he says, taking the glass away from her. She giggles. Her head already spins a bit. He takes a drink himself, and as he reaches over her, to set the glass down in the table, he puts a hand on her back. His hand feels big and warm and strong to her, and this makes her feel even more squirmy than she already is. She decides she really likes sitting on Steven's lap!

He feels her soft little bottom rubbing enthusiastically against him, and he wonders if the girl knows what she's​ pressing up against. A little embarrassed by his body's reaction to her squirmy softness, he moves his hips, trying to adjust things a bit so he isn't just poking her right in the ass. But this just makes things worse. It makes him get even harder, and it makes it seem like he's intentionally trying to rub it against her. What he really needs​ to do is adjust himself with his hands, but to do that, he'd have to reach under her rear end, or between her legs, and...

His eyes scan the room again. No one is watching. No one is paying any attention, they're all just laughing and dancing and chatting and drinking. But, on the other hand, the twelve-year-old seems oblivious to the fact that she's got him stiff as a metal rod. Heck, right now she's busy putting more Bugles on her fingers! She's just squirming and bouncing because that's what girls like her do at a party when they're sitting on a lap, right? Granted, she's a bit old for this kind of behavior--either that or way too young for it--but hey, it'd be wrong to make her stop. It's not her fault that he's getting a woody while she bounces. She doesn't mean to do it. Heck, she probably doesn't even know she is doing it. So he helps her put the Bugles on her fingers again, taking her cue and acting like nothing's happening at all. Then he reaches over her for his drink.

"Want another sip?" he asks, after taking a drink himself. She giggles and holds the glass in her Bugle-tipped fingers and takes a nice big drink. He looks around. There's still nobody paying any attention to them. He reaches over and puts the glass back in the table as she munches a Bugle off of a finger, and as he sits back, he puts his hand on her bare knee. She doesn't respond at all, just eats another Bugle from a finger.

As nice as Steven's big strong hand feels on her back, his other hand, that he just put on her knee, feels even nicer. It's so warm! Yay! It just makes her want to squirm all the more, and so she wiggles away to the music while she munches another Bugle from her finger.

Looking casually around the room, he lets his index finger make little circles on the inside of her knee. Her skin is soft, oh goddamn it's so soft! And he knows it's even softer further up her leg, so he slides his hand a bit, a couple inches further up, feeling her soft skin with his fingertips. Technically, his hand's still on her knee. Some of his fingers are on her knee at least, a couple of them. But now his index finger is on her inner thigh, making its little circles on even softer skin a few inches above her knee. She makes no response to this, just keeps eating Bugles off her fingers.

Jenny is feeling very goofy now. She loves the lap she's​ found to sit on tonight! It's the awesomest! It's just the sort of lap that she can squirm and squiggle on all she wants, and Steven doesn't even seem to mind at all that's she's being so goofy! Most grown-ups would tell her to settle down, but he's just laughing and having as much fun as she is! And she loves the feeling of his big warm hands. It makes​ her tummy act a little funny, the way his fingers are stroking her knee. It tickles! She likes it a whole lot!

He leaves his hand there for a little while, just petting her thigh with his fingertips, then decides that the girl seems to like what he's doing, or at least doesn't object. So, eyeing the room with his casual look, he slides his hand further up her leg, and down, too, down onto her thigh, his hand half-way up her leg and his fingers now stroking her inner thigh. She squirms and shimmies as his hand moves, and he stalls his advance, worried that she might want him to stop now. But he decides the squirming is just more​ of her silliness. As far as he can tell, she's still not responding to his touch at all. She's still just eating Bugles. His fingers start to pet again. Oh god, her skin is even softer now! Up and down his fingers pet, back and forth, gentle little strokes.

The first apparent sign of her reaction to his hand on her thigh is when she finishes the last of the finger-Bugles and leans over to pick up her Dr. Pepper again. As she leans, she opens her legs. Just a little bit. It's entirely possible that it's accidental. Unintentional. Unrelated to his probing fingers. But this thought hardly even passes through his brain. He takes it as a sign, a green light to continue his advance, so he slides his hand up even further. Now his thumb is resting on the frayed hem of her cut-off shorts, his index finger less than an inch away. His hand is quite obviously well up her leg, but still, as he casually scans the room, he can tell that no one is looking, no one is noticing, no one is paying any attention at all. Heck, she doesn't even seem to paying attention. She just drinks her Dr. Pepper and looks out at the people and squiggles on his lap. And, fuck, he's never felt skin so soft before.

His index finger circles, moving further up, until he feels the stay strands of the cut off hem. He slips it under the strands, under the hem, and finds the edge of her panties. Another finger joins the first and he traces the hem for a moment, running fingertips along the fabric while looking casually around the room. She seems to be squiggling a little more on his lap now, giggling, drinking her Dr. Pepper.

He's smiling and she's squirming as he slips his fingers in, under her shorts, over her panties, right on top of her pussy.

Now Jenny's tummy feels really funny! All fluttery and jumbled. She's never been touched like this before. All the laps she's sat on in her whole life, no one's ever touched her private place like this! And she likes it so much! His fingers are rubbing and they're so soft and tickley! But they're also strong and firm, and she likes that, too.

She's squirming like crazy now, moving her hips back and forth with his finger-rubbing. She's having so much fun! She loves how he likes to tickle her in this new and special way! Giggling from all the fun, she lifts her can of Dr. Pepper to her mouth, but she misses her lips, or maybe she's just bouncing too much, or something, because some of it slops out of the can and onto her arm, and some on her shirt, and a little on the chair. This just makes her giggle more and she holds the can tight and feels the soda sloshing around inside as she moves her hips with his tickling fingers.

He can tell from the twelve-year-old's gyrations on his lap that she's having a lot of fun now. She's still moving to the music, still giving him her little lap dance, but her motion's changing. She might not know what she's doing, she might not understand or even realize it, but the little hussy's sliding her hips with a firm determination now, pushing her pussy hard against his fingers. She's starting to let out little gasps. Her pink cheeks are getting red. She has her eyelids half-closed, and from what he can see of the rest of her eyes, they're glassy and unfocused and starting to roll. He rubs her pussy harder, pressing his fingers against her through her panties. Suddenly...

Her tummy flip-flops like crazy. Something funny's happening! His fingers aren't just tickling now. No, it's not just a tickle, it's... it's... Oh! It's the most wonderful fantastic feeling! It makes her shake and shimmy! The feeling starts right at his fingertips, right between her legs, and it rolls through her body like a wave, and just when it seems like she'll be able to catch her breath, another wave! Now she can't catch her breath at all, and she's swooning, she feels so light-headed, like she's gonna pass out!

And then... she gushes. She can't help it now, she moans and her face goes hot and she just gushes from her pussy, wetness flowing out and soaking her panties underneath his fingers.

...Suddenly he feels that her panties are soaking wet. Steaming hot and soaking wet. His fingers are rubbing hard through slippery cotton fabric now, and the girl is shaking and gasping for breath and Oh my god the girl is cumming! The sweet twelve-year-old is cumming, right under his fingers, right on his lap, right in the middle of her parents' crowded party room, the little girl is cumming!

He rubs her little pussy through her panties for another minute, feeling her coming down from her climax, nice and slow and easy. Her squirms are mostly replaced with heavy sighs, and she leans back against his chest. The hand he still had on her back slides under her arm as she settles up against him, and he takes the opportunity to give a little budding breast a gentle stroke, while he continues​ to pet her sweet wet pussy with his other hand.

She still has an occasional little squirm, especially when he starts squeezing her boob, and when his fingers rub just the right spot on her pussy. It makes her catch her breath and giggle. But these squirmies now are more like tickles than the big rolls of crazy feelings that she was having before. And tickles are fun, especially when a man as cute and wonderful as Steven is tickling her, but sometimes they're just too much, and that's what these are like now. So she puts her hand down on top of her shorts, on top of his hand, and he understands, and he pulls his hand out. But he leaves it on her bare thigh for a moment, his fingers still gently stroking her soft skin.

She stays leaned back against him for another moment, still panting, and he gives her breast another couple squeezes. Then she sits up, and takes a final sip of her Dr. Pepper, and grabs a couple more Bugles, and jumps off his lap.

"I hafta go ta the bathroom," she says with a silly smile.

"Okay," he says back. He's got a big smile too. He picks up his drink as he watches her leave the room, then stands and joins the crowd, chatting. When she comes back from the bathroom a few minutes later, she just dances around with the other people at the party, like she'd been doing before she gave him the lap dance. Just like nothing happened between them at all.



[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com  Thanks!]
