Mike looked up at Tina, when she returned into the room. She had left him tied to the headboard of her bed with leather restraints, only wearing the light pair of silk boxers she had purchased for him. He looked gorgeous that way, vulnerable, a little confused and so delighted to see that she had returned. It was the hottest thing ever and instantly sent a shudder of pleasure down through her stomach. He gave her butterflies in the best way.

She crawled up onto him, straddling his hips. She pressed down her hips against his, grinding a little forcefully as she pressed her lips to his. She kissed him deeply, tongue probing his mouth, wanting to make him want, make him whine. He did whine a little bit, pulling at the bindings on his arms and shifting his hips as much as he could under her weight. “I didn’t really bring any of my play things for today,” she said. “But don’t tempt me; I can bring out all those punishment tools if you’re naughty. I saw you looking at that flogger I picked out just for you. Or the cock ring, - I could easily leave you hanging all – night – long. But I figured tonight would be special, tonight is our first.”

She chuckled and kissed his neck, biting down a little as she could feel him, hard underneath the soft fabric and that turned her on. He whimpered a little and she backed off, just enough to slip his underwear down, barely.

She kissed him. “I’m gonna ride you baby,” she said in a low, seductive voice. “I’m going to take your virginity and leave my mark all over you.” She bit him for emphasis. “Mike, you are never going to think of anything but me as long as you live, from this moment on.”

She pulled him out of his underwear all the way, and pressed up against him, teasing.

She remembered protection, groaning and grabbed a condom, ripping it open and slipping it on him with a light touch. She was so wet, so needy, that he slipped right along her opening when she teased. She crawled up on his hips, steadying herself a little as she plunged herself onto his cock. “Fuck,” she breathed, mouth hanging open as he just filled her. This was nothing like the first time. No, this was the first time in her head, the only one that mattered.

She didn’t get off on just having sex. She had to dominate while she did it.

“Mike,” she moaned, leaning down against his neck and biting, hard, scratching her nails over his perfect abs while she kissed him. She could feel his muscles tense, his bodies tremble a little. She rocked herself up and down, thrusting herself up and down on his erect member, over and over just wanting more.

Tina bit her bottom lip and moaned as she found the perfect angle, to where she could thrust herself down onto him and get the right friction in the right place. She was so close to orgasm, so fast. Mike did things to her that she didn’t know could happen. Of course, she had been horny since she bought the toys.

She came hard, eyes rolling into the back of her head as that heat spread between her legs and her heart rate tripled. She was like a walking orgasm since the moment he came into her life, the way he spread heat through her body.

“Oh my god,” Mike moaned, unrestrained for the quiet slave boy. He tightened his legs around her and came a moment later. She opened her eyes just in time to watch his eyes flash open, his mouth hang open and his eyes to water. He had never experienced anything like that in his life and she knew it.

It was empowering, having that much control.

It was also empowering to know what she was making him feel, not just sexually, but the next morning when he helped her get dressed.

She almost didn’t hear the words at first.

Mike worked steadily behind her, lacing up the corset she was wearing, and he mumbled it pretty low. “You’re so beautiful,” he said softly, fingers brushing her hair back over the laces. He caught himself saying it, and blushed, lowered his eyes, afraid of speaking out of turn still. She turned to face him, watching him for a moment. She kissed his nose.

“You mean that?” she asked Mike low. She knew that he had to say things like that. She owned him. She wasn’t going to fool herself that Mike wasn’t her slave, but still, hearing that she was beautiful brought her back to a time when she was an uncomfortable, insecure little girl. “Mike, tell me the truth please. I won’t get mad.”

Mike nodded slowly. “You are the most beautiful woman I’ve seen in my whole life,” he said, a little more confident. Tina then decided that she needed to do everything in her power to boost Mike’s confidence in himself and in the world around him. It wasn’t easy to do with a person who was programmed for subservience but even if he was hers, he needed that boost. “I’m not lying to you, or saying it because I must,” Mike added quietly.

Tina smiled at that. “Kiss me Mike?”

Mike leaned down and kissed her, slowly. They were getting very good at kissing, exploring each other’s lips, mouths and tongues. She gently cupped her hand around the side of his neck and kissed him a little bit deeper. She slipped up into his lap. “Well, I was planning on going outside for a bit,” she said. “I do believe there are laws against public sex though, plus slaves are not to be used as sex objects.”

She looked around thoughtfully. “However, our garden does have a high wall and that old tree house I used as a child.”

Tina hopped off of Mike’s lap and opened her toy drawer. She pulled out a couple of condoms and slipped them into her bag. “Come, Mike,” she said, grabbing him by the collar. Mike followed after her obediently. She would have fetched the leash as well, but they were going ten feet and she wanted him inside of her, sooner rather than later.

She passed the mirror on her way out and smiled. Mike’s words made her feel confident in her looks. She looked stunning in the red corset over the black, short dress, matching red extensions in her hair. She winked at her reflection then rushed to the back garden so fast that poor Mike’s head probably spun.

“Climb up after me,” she said as she grabbed hold of the rope ladder and pulled herself up. It was much easier to do now than it had been when she was seven. He followed her a moment later. It was pretty bare, but there was a soft rug in the center of the room. Yes, even seven year old Tina was a bit of an interior decorator. “Perfect,” Tina mumbled.

She drew Mike close and claimed his lips yet again. Mike had the softest lips. She groaned, pleased by the sensation of their lips touching. She tugged his shirt up over his head and ran a hand over his well formed body. God, she loved every little bit of the boy. He was so attractive, that she felt the heat spread down through her body just looking at his bare chest. She leaned down and bit his chest, an inch or so above his left nipple. “God you taste good,” she practically giggled.

She urged Mike to lie down on the rug, while she undid his pants and slid them down to his ankles. “I want to leave this on,” she said, gesturing to her clothing. She slipped off her underwear (red, of course, everything matched) and yanked Mike’s pants off of him. He laughed at her enthusiasm, but suppressed it. Tina blushed. He had the cutest laugh ever. She kissed him again, eagerly, as she snatched the condom out of her bag and worked it onto him. He was already mostly hard; a few skilled strokes and he was groaning.

She got the condom secured and then moved herself underneath him. “I’ve seen you move Mike,” she said. “You take control this time.”

Mike was nervous at that, not used to taking charge in any manner of his life, but Tina was overjoyed when he lifted up her skirt and situated himself between her legs. She wrapped her legs around his waist and held tightly to him. He slowly sunk into her and – oh fuck, that was the greatest feeling in the world. Tina gasped and moaned. She clung to Mike’s hips. “Hard and deep, please Mike,” she begged as he started thrusting, in and out of her, deeply. She moaned, loving the drag and burn of it. She wanted more. She clutched his hips, her hands quickly sliding lower to his backside, to make him thrust harder and deeper into her.

“Mike!” she gasped.

He came pretty fast. She noticed he did that a lot but hey, he was seventeen and not very sexually experienced. It took her a little more, rocking against him as he softened inside of her, heating up, until fuck, there it was. “MIKE!” she moaned and then lifted her skirt so he could pull out of her.

“You are so beautiful,” he said again, panting, beautiful body covered with sweat.