Joan's short leather skirt rode up to mid-thigh, nicely contrasting with 
her smooth olive skin. Her sensuous and beautiful knees were the object 
of attention from guys. Her black fashion boots accentuated her 
attractive dominant look. She smiled at her blonde friend Michelle while 
she slowly sipped white wine.

"Did you do Jerry today, Shelley?"

"Who else?" she grinned. "Twice in the last hour. He was ready, and I 
got a couple of good loads. And you?"

"Three times today. Alan volunteered for edging practice for the class 
last week. They about drove him crazy. One week of being edged every day 
for a couple of hours. (giggle!) I just laid there with my legs spread. 
Twice earlier, and again just before I left for here."

Joan looked around the saloon. "See anyone that you want to play 
skank-snatch with?"

The pair of dominas politely rebuffed a few aggressive guys who came on 
to them. After almost an hour of scanning the clientele, Michelle put 
her hand on Joan's arm and said, "There's one that just came in - let's 
skank him."

The guy they spotted looked a little unsure of himself as he ordered a 
beer and looked around. Michelle looked at him directly from across the 
room, caught his attention, and waved to him.

"Perfect," Joan whispered.

Michelle beckoned the guy to join them, and since the scene had become 
crowded, he was grateful that he didn't have to stand and awkwardly look 
around. He introduced himself as Carl.

"I'm Mistress Michelle and this is my friend, Mistress Joan,"

Carl was taken aback by the 'Mistress' titles, and mumbled some 
pleasantries as he nervously shook hands with the two women.

"We've been here about an hour, and were getting ready to leave," Joan 
lied. "A few jerks have wanted to join us, so we were glad to see that 
you came in. Tell us about yourself."

The two mistresses skillfully found out what they wanted to know about 
Carl and put him at ease with their subtle touches and smiles. Their 
attention also ensured Carl an almost constant erection from their 
suggestive innuendos. They went to the next stage, which was a well 
rehearsed script.

"We don't find many guys who are really good at eating pussy," Michelle 
stated. "Do you like to eat pussy?"

Carl squirmed and mentioned that women have liked his attention.

Joan put her hand on his arm. "Did you bring a friend, Carl? We'd like 
to go have some fun." When he mentioned he came alone, she suggested to 
Michelle, "Maybe we can share him."

Michelle shook her head and played her part of the rehearsed script. "No 
way."

"I'll make it worth your while."

"How?"

"You can fuck me with your strap-on. In the ass. Long and hard."

"That's not enough. I want to give you a dozen with the cane."

Joan pressed her lips together. "Oh god... Okay!"

"A deal?"

"A deal," Joan said, and grasped Michelle's face and drew her close. 
They kissed, long and passionately, while Carl looked on in amazement.

"Are you ready to come with us, Carl?"

His desperate cock was in control, and he immediately assented.

"We like to get kinky!"

Whatever that meant, he wanted the chance to serve these two beautiful 
mistresses. They had him drive them ten miles out to the building they 
used for their clinic. As soon as they entered the clinic room, they 
ordered Carl to strip completely.

His insides fluttered as he removed his clothes. A little self-conscious 
about his raging erection, he looked at the two dommes. Michelle had a 
wooden hairbrush in her hand.

"Before we let a guy taste our pussies, he has to submit to spankings. 
We're each going to give you 25 swats." She sat down and placed her legs 
together. After slowly and teasingly raising her skirt to bare her lap, 
she beckoned Carl to get across it.

Joan walked around in front of Carl and said, "Mistress Michelle gets 
very aroused when a guy stays in position for his spanking. And so do I."

Michelle tickle-touched Carl's balls for a moment, and then began his 
paddling. Alternating sides, she swatted the hairbrush hard every three 
seconds. Carl gave a surprised shout every time the hairbrush made 
contact. He jerked his head and kicked several times, as the dommes knew 
he would.

"Stand up now. No touching your bottom. I'll give you a one minute rest, 
and then it's Mistress Joan's turn."

Joan bared her thighs and ran her hands over her knees for a moment. 
"Okay, get over here. See if you can take it better without kicking."

She paddled hard, and gave the swats faster than Michelle had. Of 
course, there was no way that a novice submissive like Carl could keep 
still. Not only did he kick frequently, he also twisted his hips against 
Joan's lap throughout the final half of his paddling.

"you didn't do too well that time," Joan said. "I'm not turned on enough 
to let you taste MY pussy."

"Me neither," Michelle said. "With practice he could learn to take his 
swats like he should."

Carl's mind raced during the awkward silence that followed. He had 
disappointed the two beautiful dommes that he met. He desperately wanted 
to see and taste some pussy that night, and wondered how, or even if, he 
was going to get any relief from the sexual pressure in his balls.

"There is something we could do," Michelle mused. "Carl, come over here 
and lie back on this bench." When Carl quickly complied, she bound his 
wrists and ankles so that his arms were out of the way. Joan and Melissa 
then pulled up chairs and seated themselves by Carl's midsection. They 
oiled their hands and proceeded to skillfully edge him over the next 
hour. Time after time, as Carl approached ejaculation and his cock gave 
a telltale twitch or a pulse, the women suddenly stopped their handling, 
and in mock surprise, gasped and made comments about how much Carl must 
want to cum. Both women mentioned several times that the choked and 
desperate sounds that he made were getting them creamy.

After Carl was sure that he would never have relief, Michelle said, 
"We're ready for you to eat our pussies. If - only if - you do a good 
job, we'll finish what we started with you."

Carl was eager beyond words.

Mistress Michelle stood up, removed her panties, and stood over the 
bound male's face with her legs straddling the narrow bench. "Get to 
work now," she giggled, and bent her knees until her creamy snatch 
contacted his mouth.

The first thing he noticed about her pussy was how wet and slippery it 
was. Almost concurrently, he was aware of her skanky scent. As he lapped 
on her matted slit, he was amazed at the amount of creamy juice that 
came into his mouth.

"Come on, suck it like you mean it," Michelle commanded. "I want you to 
swallow everything!"

Carl renewed his efforts. "Gmmmmf!" he swallowed, and continued to 
perform oral servitude until he'd gotten another wad to swallow. 
Michelle paused and removed her skirt. As she presented her pungent 
pussy to Carl, he noticed more beads of translucent cream at her entrance.

"Yes, suck it!"

More thick cream oozed from her joy hole. In spite of her skanky scent 
and his increasing suspicions about what he was extracting, he 
appreciated her attractive beauty - her firm smooth thighs, her inviting 
hips, and most of all, her pussy - her feminine entrance with dark 
blonde matted hair around it, the entrance from which massive amounts of 
cream emerged into his mouth.

When Michelle was satisfied that Carl had indeed extracted and swallowed 
most of the mixture of her boyfriend's semen and her own cream of 
arousal, she let herself climax.

"You weren't very eager to suck it at first," Michelle stated when she 
recovered from her climax. She stood with her pussy a few inched from 
Carl's face. "You have one more chance, with Mistress Joan."

Joan took her skirt off. She presented a picture of attractive sensual 
dominance - her shirt covering her chest, her bare hips and dark haired 
pussy, her smooth thighs and black boots.

Joan handled Carl's cock for a moment, and then brusquely pumped it 
several times. She straddled his face, placed her hands on her hips, and 
commanded, "Suck!"

Her pussy, even if more sensuous than Michelle's, was far more pungent. 
Carl was sure he'd never voluntarily suck on a pussy that had such a 
skanky scent. He did apply himself to the task, since Michelle's words 
about his eagerness made him want to please Joan enough so that he would 
get relief.

The profuse cream that Joan had inside her convinced Carl that it could 
not possibly all be her own. Even so, his own arousal from the extended 
teasing he had endured, spurred him on and he fervently kissed and 
sucked on her skanky dark-haired pussy. After he gulped down several 
wads, Joan surrendered to her climax, and had Carl suck her through a 
second one.

"That wasn't bad," Joan remarked. "Maybe I'll hand-job you. But it's not 
polite to cum in a Mistress' hand without licking it clean afterward." 
She stood with her hands on her naked hips, looking in his eyes. 
Michelle did the same.

All was silent for a full minute, except for Carl's deep breaths of 
arousal. His nuts felt enlarged and distended from his anticipation and 
the ladies' extended teasing. His cock screamed for relief. Then he 
surrendered to her. "Yes... Mistress." The quaver in his voice indicated 
his nervousness and his submission.

"You'll clean your spunk, then?"

"Yes! I mean, yes, Mistress!"

Joan had all the encouragement she needed, and grasped Carl's cock with 
one hand. While she cradled his nuts in her other hand, she used her 
skill as a semen extractress and Carl quickly popped off. As he spurted 
and spurted, Joan cupped her hands around his member to catch every 
drop. She squeezed his cock to milk it, and then ordered, "Open up -- 
and get every drop from my hands!"

Carl knew that he had to perform his task without thinking about it. He 
licked his spent seed from Mistress Joan's hands. First, one hand, both 
sides, and then her other one. While he did that, Michelle skillfully 
extracted more residual semen by squeezing and pulling on his cock. Then 
she presented her hand for Carl to clean up.

They let him up and watched as he got dressed. Mistress Michelle gave 
him an appointment card with the clinic phone number and told him to 
call at least ten days in advance if he wanted to have another 
experience. "You need training to take your spankings without kicking 
and wiggling," Michelle said. "You will have a very sore bottom when you 
come back. And, you'll have to be fitted for a cock cage and wear it for 
more than a week before the session."

Carl was about to leave when he turned around and told Mistress Michelle 
that he wanted to make the appointment. She had him pull his pants and 
briefs down enough to bare his pubic area and stand in the center of the 
room. He had to wait in that humiliating position several minutes while 
Michelle found the right cock cage. She smiled as she locked it in 
place. Joan made a note of his appointment time for him and sent him on 
his way.

"What are you going to do later?" Michelle asked.

"I'll let Alan fuck me all night to reward him for letting the other 
dommes edge him. He still has to eat the pie - every time. Then in the 
morning the cock cage goes back on. Can you edge him a few times next 
week? I like to watch his reaction when other women handle him."

"Sure, if you'll edge Jerry. He says your hands drive him wild. I like 
to jill myself when he's being teased. When I cum, he so much wishes his 
frustrated cock was inside me. (giggle!) How are you going to prepare 
for Carl's next session?"

"No douching, of course. I'll let Alan fuck me once midweek, and he 
won't have to eat the pie then. On the day of the Carl session he'll 
give me all he can after all that time wearing the cage and all the edging."

Michelle giggled. "I'll do the same with Jerry. Let's use the cane on 
Carl and make him take it without kicking. And we'll make him cum at 
least three times. By hand."

"A caning before each time," Joan added. "We can jerk him off on our 
legs and feet and have him lick everything up."

"I can't wait," Michelle said, and pressed her lips on Joan's for an 
extended kiss. When she pulled back, she asked, "Are you ready for my 
strap-on? Long and hard?"

Joan's eyes shone.

-----
This story is copyright 2007 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com).  All 
rights reserved.  No reposting without permission.  Please see my other 
stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
