_A continuation of The Arrival._

After the previous nights excitement Rachel was feeling a little tired. Her Master on the other hand seemed to have a grin on his face as he watched her get out of bed and walk over to pick up her dressing gown. He admired his handiwork from last night upon her buttocks, red, bruised and welted. He would be adding to them later she was sure.
She went downstairs to cook some breakfast for both of them, she was sure the day would be a long one, again. Preparing bacon and eggs with a glass of fresh orange juice she presented him with breakfast in her bed and waited for him to give her permission to eat her own. She had a feeling she'd have a lot to do today.
After finishing their breakfast, he beckoned her over to him, she crawled back into the bed next to him and he grabbed her by the hair and pulled her towards him, kissing her passionately. Stroking her neck as he continues to kiss her, probing her mouth with his tongue, she relaxes against him, overtaken briefly by the passion in the kiss.
Suddenly he pinches her bottom, bringing her back to reality, ordering her to go get herself washed and dressed. He instructed her to have a bath to make sure she was once again clean and fresh for him, knowing full well the heat would make her welted buttocks sting. Making herself clean and smelling nice once again she continued to get herself ready for the day ahead, making sure her teeth were clean, her hair brushed and neat.
She returned to the bedroom to find he had been through her clothes whilst she was in the bath, still towelling herself off she saw on the bed an arrangement of clothing.
He'd selected a pair of stockings for her to wear, no surprise there, she knew he adored them and she had no problems wearing them as she also adored them, he knew this too. He'd also put her suspender belt on the bed with them, again no surprise.
Alongside the stockings and suspenders was a knee length burgundy coloured skirt, made from a medium thickness material. It was one of her favourite skirts, how did he know? Did he know that?
He'd also put her black lacy bra on the bed, as well as a black wench style top. Her breasts would be on show in that she was sure, it made her smile.
One thing she noticed was no underwear other than the stockings, suspenders as bra. Once again he was telling her not to wear knickers. She felt slightly embarrassed at that, but she was slowly getting used to the idea. If he wanted her to wear panties he would present her with a pair she figured.
He also she noticed had found her jewellery box and arranged some jewellery on the bed for her to wear. A couple of her favourite rings, both of a celtic style and a pendant in the form of a celtic pentagram and a pair of celtic earrings. She loved celtic designs.
He instructed her to get dressed and to wear makeup in colours he liked, cherry, red, burgundy and so on. Choosing suitable lipstick and eye shadow she got herself ready. Looking at herself in the mirror, she brushed her hair again, happy with how she looked, she went back into the bedroom to seek his approval.
He stood up, himself still naked, as he walked around her inspecting how she looked, he ran a finger along her breasts, making her shiver slightly. He ran his hand through her hair gently and then knelt down and ran a finger up her stocking clad leg, all the way up to the inside of her thigh stopping short of her pussy, which was once again starting to tingle.
Satisfied he kissed her again, stroking her neck as he did so, leaving a trace of her lipstick on his lips. Smiling he patted her bottom slightly and told her to go get her coat on and her boots, which he loved seeing her in.
Whilst she did this, she could hear him getting himself ready, shaving and grooming himself. She then heard him collecting his clothing and getting dressed , once again in a nice sharp suit, that enhanced his features.
She heard him descend the stairs and then he told her to fetch his coat and shoes. Complying she presented him with his coat, helping him into it, and putting his shoes on for him. Finally he asked for his cane, which she presented to him.
Satisfied he directed her to lead the way to her car. They were going into town to do some shopping, she was sure he had ideas for what to get her to wear for him at a later time.
As she got into the car, he changed his mind about their destination, instead deciding they were going to a bigger city, where there'd be more choice of shops for them to peruse and also a selection of shops where he might be able to consider PVC or latex attire for her, or even sex toys. He had said he wanted to get her a butt plug sometime.
Destination confirmed she programmed her sat-nav device, and they set off. As she was driving he looked through her selection of CDs and not finding one that took his fancy, got his iPod out and plugged it into the stereo, selecting some music.
After a short time they arrived at their destination, and after a brief time managed to find somewhere suitable to park for the day. The car park was a multi storey and fairly poorly lit. It was also pretty deserted it seemed.
He took full advantage of this and ran his hand up her legs and under her skirt, tracing the lines of her stockings, and the suspenders towards her pussy. Tingling with anticipation she moaned softly as his warm fingers touched her moist pussy, stroking her clitoris so softly it was almost imperceptible. Letting out a soft moan of pleasure, he placed his other hand in her top and found her nipple, erect and waiting for his touch. He rubbed gently at first, then pinched, progressively harder. He leaned towards her and ran his tongue around her lips, making her moan softly as he continued to squeeze her nipple and tickle her clitoris. He then kissed her deeply and passionately, again probing her mouth with his tongue. As abruptly as he had started he finished, leaving her panting for breath. She was glad he'd stopped, but frustrated too. On the one hand she was glad as it would be embarrassing if he'd made her cum again, the stain on her skirt would be visible to all. Frustrated as she felt so horny.
Locking the car and leaving the car park, they headed to get a drink as it was getting towards late morning now. Finding a suitable place, they settled down to a cup of tea and sat and chatted, all the while her feeling his eyes on her, knowing he knew she had no knickers on and that she was wearing stockings because he'd told her to. She found it turned her on thinking about it, and smiled at him sweetly.
Finishing their drinks they headed to the first shop of the day, a big department store. He took her up to the lingerie section. He looked at her for a few moments before deciding on a couple of pairs of sexy lacy panties, and a pair of pink/dot panties that matched one of her bras. He then led her to the Women's Clothing section and selected a couple of blouses out for her, one tight fitting across her breasts, the other looser, both made from a soft cotton.
Satisfied with the items they left after purchasing them and headed next to a store of a much different kind. This one sold various items of PVC and latex fetish wear. She adored latex and he liked PVC a lot.
He picked out a latex dress and told her to try it on. With his aid she managed to get into it, it was tight across her bum and her breasts, he told her to turn around so he could see from behind what it looked like. He ran his hands along her bum, his touch through the latex on her buttocks made her jump slightly as the feel of the latex against her skin seemed to heighten the feeling of his touch on her bruised bottom.
He motioned for her to change back out of the dress as he presented her with a short black and red PVC dress to try. Slipping into the PVC dress, she felt it only just covering her bottom by a matter of centimetres. Feeling embarrassed and exposed knowing she had both a welted bruised bottom and no panties on she took a breath and pulled the curtain back so he could admire her in the tight PVC dress. It left nothing to the imagination with her cleavage, with a deep cut to the neck line. He told her to turn around slowly so he could see the full effect if the shortness of it.
Smiling he told her to get changed back into her normal clothes. As she did so she could hear him talking with the shop assistant, she couldn't make out the words though. Feeling a sudden wave of paranoia she felt sure he was telling her she had no panties on and tried her best to control the blush that settled over her face. Taking a breath she exited the changing room and went to stand next to him, waiting. He'd decided both dresses suited her well and so they bought both. She knew he'd like seeing her in either, especially the PVC one.
After this they decided it was time for some lunch. Finding a suitably quiet place, he motioned for her to sit down next to her. Whilst she was sipping her drink and eating her food, she felt his hand slip under her skirt again running up the length of her stockings. She felt herself tingle again at the sensation. He removed her hand just at the point where she felt like begging for him to touch her moist pussy. Instead he stroked the outside of her skirt, feeling the stockings and suspenders through the material. This made her moist again, excited by his touch.
Finishing their lunch they went to a few more stores, browsing various sections, including footwear and lingerie again. He liked high heels, but her being tall already didn't feel comfortable in them usually. He found a shop that was selling high heeled shoes that took his fancy and asked for them in her size, the shop assistant returned with them and he placed them on her feet one by one, gently. He motioned for her to stand and walk in them a little. She felt his gaze on her as she tried to walk, at first unsteadily in the shoes. She wasn't used to wearing heels, and it showed. He was watching her, smiling at the way she struggled to walk in them at first, and the effect it had on her body. He liked the way they elongated her already lovely long legs, made all the more lovely for the stockings and the fact he knew at the top of them, there were no panties.
After leaving the shoe shop, they next stopped at a sex shop. She felt his gaze fall upon the dildos, vibrators and butt plugs arranged on the shelves. He lead her to the anal toys section first, looking at various different butt plugs and anal toys including beads and vibrators. Smiling he selected an inflatable butt plug and a solid rubber butt plug. It'd was a while since she'd last had a butt plug inserted up her bottom, but the last time she had, she enjoyed it. She felt a sense of excitement at the thought of them being used on her sometime later.
Moving on to the vibrators section, he told her to go look at the pornography section to see if anything caught her eye. She didn't usually like porn, certainly not visual porn, but erotic stories did excite her as she loved to read, and was always reading some kind of fiction novel of one sort or another, usually fantasy or science fiction. Whilst she browsed the variety of pornographic magazines, DVDs and erotic fiction, he was looking at the vibrators deciding on which one to get for her. He'd sent her to the porn section so she didn't see what one he selected, he had a surprise in store for her.
She found a couple of interesting looking titles, one called "Chloe's Punishment" she flicked through it a little and read the synopsis. It looked like it might get her a bit turned on reading this sort of thing, she continued to look at the other titles on offer and found another collection of short erotic stories, on a variety of subjects. Satisfied that she'd found a couple of items she returned to where her Master was now standing waiting for her near the counter. She paid for the two books, and then went outside with him.
When she got outside, he gave her a small bag, with the shops logo on it, and told her to go find a toilet and place the object inside in her moist pussy and to put on a pair of the lace panties he'd previously bought her to keep it in place. Confused and a little shy, she peeked into the bag and saw a small, egg shaped item, curious as to what it was she nodded to him and went off in search of a toilet.
She found a toilet a short walk away, and went into one of the cubicles. Getting the item he'd presented her out of it's packaging she inspected it. It was a vibrating egg, with a little control box which operated wirelessly. She placed the batteries into it, and placed the egg where he'd instructed her to do so. And then slipped on her black lace panties, which firmly held it in place. Curious as to what it would be like, she turned the control box on and set it to the lowest setting, she felt instantly a response from the egg between her legs, as it buzzed softly against her pussy, resting just shy of her clitoris. Momentarily taken by surprise by the soft buzzing she moaned to herself softly, a smile coming to her face, as she turned the control box off and put it in her bag.
Upon leaving the cubicle she freshened herself up a little at the sink and looked at herself in the mirror, seeing a bit of a glow about her. Smiling at her reflection she left the toilets and returned to where he was waiting for her.
He asked for the control box as they walked away, she passed it to him and he put it in his pocket. She didn't know when he might use it, or even if he would. The anticipation and the uncertainty aroused her she found. She was excited that he could make her moan out loud almost at will now with a touch of a button. The humiliation she would feel would be bigger than anything else she had ever experienced she was certain.
As she walked beside him she realised he was talking to her, she'd not been listening in her dream like state thinking of the humiliation and embarrassment that might be awaiting her. To get her attention he pressed a button on the control box and she instantly felt a jolt as a small buzz hit her pussy, making her blush red and falter in her step as she struggled to keep walking steadily and was sure everyone would be staring at her wondering what on earth was going on with this strange woman. The buzzing ceased and he told her they were going to make one final stop before heading back to her flat. Curious as to where they might be going she followed him to another part of the city centre.
Here there weren't department stores and other such shops liked they'd been to first of all. They went into what looked like a shopping arcade, filled with smaller shops and stalls. He led her down some stairs to a lower level where there was a tattooist parlour to one side with several girls dressed in the fashion of goths, velvet, lace, black , etc. One of them looked at her and smiled, and looked in turn at him, and smiled again. She felt herself blush at the scrutiny. At this moment her Master again took the opportunity to press another button on the control box, this time sending a pulsed buzz into her pussy. Nearly doubling over with the shock of it and blushing bright red, the goth girls laughed at her sudden misfortune and continued to look at tattoo designs.
The continued down another flight of stairs and she found herself confronted by a stall filled with a variety of clothing, from short mesh/lacy skirts to long velvet dresses. She spotted the corsets to one side and he had as well, directing her towards them, they looked at the various designs on display.
Selecting a leather corset, that looked well made he directed her to try it on, taking her coat and top off she let him place the corset around her and he proceeded to tighten it up. She could see herself in a mirror and liked the effect the corset had on her figure. He was smiling at the sight too. She wasn't entirely certain, but she felt she could just make out a bulge in his trousers. Blushing she realised he was more than happy at what he saw. Unlacing her from the corset and checking to see if the shop attendant was watching he groped her tits when the corset was off of her, she moaned softly at the touch and felt herself getting wet once more. Then she put her top on and her coat back on and continued to look around the small shop.
He'd spotted a long black velvet dress with lace trim on the bust line and hem. He again motioned for her to try it on. Whilst she was slipping out of her normal clothes, he pressed the control box onto another setting, giving her a prolonged buzz and then a pulse and throbbed against her enlarged clitoris. She had to grip the chair in the changing room to stop herself from falling over. Panting for breath she steadied herself and put the dress on, feeling the velvet fall against her body. She could see herself in the mirror in the changing room and admired her body in the mirror. The dress suited her and she did like it a lot. Opening the curtain and stepping out so he could see for himself, he got her to turn around as he inspected the appearance of the dress on her and stroked the soft velvet across her thighs and bum, pinching her bum gently.
Happy with the corset and the dress, he purchased them and they left the shop. Looking around at the rest of the stalls showing a variety of different styles of goth and alternative wear. He saw a short skirt that he liked and placed it against her, satisfied he bought it and they left the shopping arcade.
Returning to the car park, they returned to the car, getting in, he grabbed her hair and pulled her down to his lap, unzipping his fly, he forced her onto his throbbing cock. Getting the hint she licked it and nibbled and she started to suck. She continued to suck as he held her head there, not hard enough to cause her to choke or gag, but enough that she couldn't lift her head away. As she continued working on his cock, he pulled out the control box and now put it into the highest setting she'd yet felt, surprised she clenched her jaw a little as she continued to suck his cock. She could feel herself getting close to orgasm, with the little egg buzzing, pulsating and throbbing alternately against her very moist pussy and clitoris in particular. Moaning as she sucked she felt herself cum in her panties as the orgasm overtook her. Just at the same moment he came in her mouth. Panting she felt him pull her up towards his mouth where he kissed her deeply and passionately and she passed his cum into his mouth.
After he finished kissing her, she fell against him exhausted and buzzing all over. He cuddled her briefly and stroked her hair as she struggled to regain her composure enough to drive them back to her flat.
It was getting dark now, and they were both getting tired too. He directed her to find a quiet dark country lane on the way back and pull over.
Curious as to why he'd suggest this she complied, finding a suitable location shortly after leaving the busy roads of the city. Pulling over and parking out of sight as he'd requested she turned the engine off.
As she did so, he used the control device again. And she felt the pulsation surge in her already wet pussy. She felt herself getting close to another orgasm as she moaned with each pulse from the egg.
He turned the control device off and directed her to get out of the car. Curious again she complied. She saw him point to the bonnet of the car, and she went towards it. It was warm from the heat of the engine.
He ordered her to bend over leaning on the bonnet, as she did so, he lifted her skirt, and pulled her panties down. Next she felt him stroking her exposed bottom. Then she jolted slightly as she felt something cold touch her bottom, she realised it was lubricant then. He placed a ribbed condom on his cock, still throbbing and erect and then some lubricant on it as he turned on the control box once again.  
She moaned again, louder this time, as the egg buzzed against her clitoris, held in place by the grip of her legs alone now the panties weren't on anymore. Then she felt him enter her, first gently, then probing he started to thrust into her anus. She panted and moaned with each successive thrust.
Feeling exposed and paranoid that a police car could turn up at any moment as she continued to get fucked up her bottom. The risk and the position she was in excited her more she found as her clitoris throbbed against the pulsating egg between her legs. Panting and moaning loudly now she felt another orgasm build. He continued thrusting until he too came and let out a sigh of relief.
This time he held her and stroked her hair for longer as it took her a good 45 minutes to recover enough to have a clear head for driving the distance left to her flat. Feeling happier than any previous time she'd been with someone in her life she rested her head gently against his shoulder and closed her eyes smiling contentedly.
They drove back to her flat, when they arrived, he instructed her to undress so she was wearing only stockings, suspenders and bra. Complying and feeling exhausted he then told her to put her new shoes on. Again complying with his wishes he directed her to sit on the sofa, where she fell asleep against him so utterly exhausted.
THE END