CAROL. MOM & ME

CHAPTER 122

    As it turned out, we had far more drinks than we realized. Mom did, though. I noticed her writing on scraps of napkins and smiling.
Soon, she used the tip tray on our table to hold it up in the air.
"What's this?" dad asked. 
"Draw honey. Just draw and don't look yet till I tell you."
Then she held it up to me to pick a folded paper, and then to Jack.

"I realized that we've all been drinking way too much to drive home." she said.
"I suggest we all stay at that nice little motel just down the road we passed on our way here."

"This is to see who spends the night with whom."

"Oh wow!" dad said.
"OK guys, now you can open your slips."
Each of us opened them.
"NO. Don't say anything yet."

"Just wait til the music plays again and then dance with the name on your slip."
There were smiles all around at mom's ingenuity.

Each of us guys already sure who we would be making love with that night.
It was another ten minutes before the jukebox started once again. 
Dad rose first, and we watched as he went behind Annette's chair to help her up. We cheered.
Then, Jack rose, and went behind Lisa's chair to help her up.
That left MOM & ME!

Several romantic dances later, with each of us, we finally piled into the car and down to the motel.

The three of us guys, going in to register and taking three separate rooms.
Then, with the after thought of going in the trunk for the bottles of wine still remaining there.

After splitting up the different bottles, we partnered off into our respective rooms.
The girls giggling of how sexy and slutty it made them feel being taken to a motel room to get laid.

The motel was somewwhat secluded with being surrounded with large trees and well kept bushes.
It was further back off the road, leaving the noise of traffic quite buffered.
Smiles all around as each of us guys put our keys into the doors. Our sex partners in tow.

I thought to myself that it was a nice idea of mom's.

    It didn't take her two minutes out of her shoes and she was in the bathroom, and soon thereafter, enticing me in also.

We took a nice long shower together. washing, caressing and kissing each other.
Out in the bathroom now, drying off each other. Mom said, "Wait honey for my hair."
"You can do THAT while in suck your wonderful cock!"

Excitedly draging my hand into the room, and placing me on the side of the bed. Not bothering with glasses, she passed me the bottle of wine for a drink.

Her long wet hair laying across one shoulder.
Now, she stood between my opened legs as I sat there. My cock getting harder by the second, seeing her pussy so near my face.
I leaned forward and licked her bush as her hands went to my head to caress me.
She drank some from the bottle as I licked deeper into her offering.
My hands softly caressing her ass and hips as I licked her over and over.
After a few minutes, she reached and pulled me up.
Kissing me and pressing her tits into me.
Feeling my hard cock pressing against her.
Now, she sat on the bed and handed me the wine.

Caressing my cock lovingly. I took a drink as her head lowered to my cock and she sucked me softly.
Her hands also caressing my hips and ass as I had done to her. The thrill once again, seeing my cock in my mother's wonderful mouth, in the dim lighted room.

    "Don't cum, honey. Try to save it. Let us both feel it shooting inside me baby."
Her hands caressing my whole cock and balls so tenderly as she sucked me so softly. Undemandingly.

This was just for pure pleasure. No immediacy between us now.
"Enjoy my mouth Billy. Feel my love kissing and sucking you." she softly said.
"Yes! Your mother is sucking you now." 
"Enjoy me."

Several minutes of her licking and sucking...."OOOOHHH Mom, You better stop now, hon. I'm almost...."

She looked up and smiled. Then moved back on the bed and crossed her legs. Her hand going to caress her pussy as she looked up at me. Reaching for the bottle from me.

I moved over on the bed and also sat with my legs crossed as we looked at each other as lovers.

   I watched her caress her pussy. Her eyes smiling tenderly at me. I decided to stroke my cock the same way. Her eyes widened. Watching me stroke myself.
Seeing some droplets of precum form on the tip.

"I just tasted some of it Billy." she said once again, very softly.
"I'll taste more, before this night is out honey." she smiled.

Now, she reached with both hands and began to stroke my cock softly. Looking loving at my cock and up to me.
Her legs opened and she moved so that her pussy was pressed up tight to my cock with our legs both wide and stretched out.

"I'm going to fuck you like this honey."
I'm going to put this wonderful cock of yours right here in my pussy."
She reached for another drink of wine, then handed it back to me.
Now, she raised both hands to my shoulders and raised heself slightly until she felt her pussy directly over my cock.
Her mouth searched for mine as she slowly lowered herself down on me.
Her tits pressed into me.
She stayed still as my cock became buried deep inside her warm wetness.
Her lips near my ear, licking it.

"My pussy feel nice tonight honey?"

"OOOOHHH Yeah mom." 
"Your cock feels wonderful inside me honey."
"I am completely filled inside with you."

She leaned her head back and kissed me softly now.

"Feel me honey." "Feel my pussy, my whole womanhood fucking you now." "Let me fuck you, honey."

Her arms around my neck now, as she started to move her hips and causing her pussy to slide on my embedded cock.

'OOOOHHH Mom." I whispered.
My arms around her, holding her tight to me as she sat in my lap fucking me.
"I like this Billy." "We're so close like this. Feeling our love, our passions and sex like this."

"How do I feel like this honey?"

"OOOOHHH so nice mom. But I can't move too much."

"I know honey. That's why I said, Let me fuck YOU."

"Enjoy me some more Billy." "Feel me. Feel my womanhood loving you."
"Feel my wet pussy lips kissing your hard cock."
"OOOOHHH Mom. This is so nice."

"Neither of us are in a hurry either honey." 
"Your cock is deep in me. Soooooo deep. I love you there, honey."
Now, I reached in front and caressed her tits as she began to move up and down on  my cock.

Our eyes so close to each other. Watching our expressions of pleasure from each other.

Her pussy muscles working once again with such intensity. Once again feeling like her pussy was giving me an internal hand job.

Her nipples so hard in my fingers. Her face deepening in red as she became more and more excited. Her wetness now surrounding my cock with more and more flowing freely now.
Her pressing against me for deeper and deeper kisses.

feeling my cock being loved and caressed in her depths.

"OOOOHHH Billy  OOOOHHH I'm cuming honey." "Feel me?"
So softly. So tenderly she was fucking me and cumming all around my cock.
Her tender kiss as she spasmed.
Her pussy muscles doing most of the work.

I could actually feel her juices letting go in pulses.

Her tightening grip around my neck as she came. Her tits pressed so tightly to me in this complete surrender.

I held her tight through several spasms and then she leaned back once again to silently kiss me.
Urging me down on my back.
Her pussy now in full swing to fuck me. Her embedded son to an orgasm along with her.

Her hands caressing my face as she fucked me. Riding back and forth, up and down on my cock.

Our moans mixing and matching our pleasure.
Still this never ending thrill of watching my cock fuck into my own mother.
Her pussy urging yet another grasp of my cock into my own spasms as she met me there. 

There, at that place we go to in our orgasms together.
Just her and I into this world. Just our sounds our feelings, our love going through the doors in that private world of our own.

Now, fucking up hard into her, my urgency to finish spending my cum deep inside her.
Her pussy accepting and urging for yet more and more.

Yes! I knew, looking up at my mother's climaxing face, that this would NEVER end between us. I knew we would always make this love, this sex, between us, forever.

Watching her desperation in taking her own son's manhood, the sperm of his manhood deep inside her once again to our ultimate pleasure.

Now, she fell forward onto me and smothered me with tender kisses. Her pussy still loving me. Caressing and stroking all up and down my cock.

No words. None needed. Thousands of words were just shared between us.

Yes! The absolute and complete surrender of each of us to the other in this illicit love.

Knowing, that all I have to give as a man, and she, as a woman was just completely ceded over to the other in this union.
Feeling our hearts beating in our chests as she clutched me so tightly in our ending spasms.

The wonderful soft tits of her womanhood, pressed now, so hard into my own chest.

No, nothing could compare to this union of a mother and son.
There cannot and could not be a love such as this to compare.
Her pussy stroking softly up and down my empyting cock now slowing to our eventual end.
Knowing when to pull off.

Our pure love was just shared to its max.

Mom now easing her pussy off me. Feeling its wetness grazing over my thighs. Further down my legs as she moved down on my body.
far enough now, and still silently moving until she reached her goal.

Having my half hard cock inches from her mouth.

Silently opening and sucking me inside once more. Once more in love, feeling and need.
sucking me all the way in, and tasting both of us on this member she just loved so well.

Licking it. Sucking it. Stroking it ever so softly now.
Me, knowing full well, she was now paying homage to it as a woman well pleasured by it.

No. no words were needed for this love. We both knew that.

Several minutes of her tender mouth ministrations and then the still silent move back up my body to lay as close to me as possible, to share the warmth of our generated love once again....in still silent touches of our love.
The still silent mnove on her side. Her urging of my arm around her as she cuddled so close to me. Pressed her feminine body into me for a needed rest.

Pulling up the blanket to cover ourselves and the still silent deep kisses of our passion as we drifted off for a needed sleep.
My arm and hand urged by her to surround her. Protect her, and caress her warm tit.

Knowing each of our thoughts now as we drifted off to sleep.
















