Summary: A story told in verse, about a severe switching.
Keywords: F/M, spank
Author: Rick_oh
Title: Sticky Vicky Cuts A Switch

Verse - Sticky Vicky Cuts A Switch

Sticky Vicky cuts a switch
Her face displays an angry frown
It seems that I had called her "bitch"
Now she's saying "pull 'em down"

Bending over with bottom bare
My heart and soul are filled with fear
I know the ambient cooling air
Will mock the switches' painful sear

"You'd best stay put until I'm done,
And if you squirm too much my friend,
I start anew from count of one,
You'll think that it will never end"

"I'll tell you not how much you'll get,
You just stay in your position,
Until I'm done, and I will bet,
That you will have the right contrition"

"Get ready now, and hold on tight,
Your punishment will be severe,
You'd best resist with all your might,
Any urge to interfere"

Vicky! Vicky! Please, oh Please
I'll do anything you ask!
You're switching me with so much ease
Aren't you finished with this task?

"I told you Rick, I'm going to punish
I told you it would be severe,
There's much to go before I finish,
Just stay there, stick out your rear!"

Mercy, Vicky! Please no more!
I cannot stand the pain so great!
Oh! Please stop this painful score
That switch so wickedly striates!

"I will continue, till I'm sure
You won't forget this switch of willow
At least a week, and maybe more
You'll take a seat upon a pillow"

Dispassionate, and calm of face
Vicky switched continuously
As I struggled to keep my place
She ignored my every plea

With fervor and intensity
And commanding domination
Vicky had propensity
To switch with rapt determination

Vicky, Please! Please no more!
I beg of you, put down your switch!
I'm determined, nevermore
To call you any name like "bitch"

"You squirmed a lot there toward the end,
So I will not start fresh from one,
A dozen more, your way I'll send,
Take them well and we'll be done"

A dozen vigorous new striations
Streaked across my tortured fanny
Amid my vocal exclamations
Her switching skill is quite uncanny

I kiss her feet in gratitude
Her loving hands caress my head
With amazing pulchritude
She leads me over to her bed


-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is 
copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited without 
permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is 
permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or 
indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that 
this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
