Sophie
by Patrick

For a moment Sophie wondered, where was she? Then she remembered. She remembered what a rough day it had been yesterday, a day which she would never forget. She looked down on her body, she was still naked and apparently she had slept on top of the duvet. Anyone who would have walked in would have seen her naked and for a moment the thought scared her. Then she put it aside, everyone had already seen her naked yesterday and it had been no big deal. She wanted to keep laying there but her bladder called for attention, she desperately needed to pee. Reluctantly she got up and walked out of her room, not bothering getting dressed. Now which way was the bathroom again? She couldn’t remember but she heard noises coming from down the hall. Was it that way? Only one way to find out, she decided as she started walking.
Indeed she heard a shower running and soon came across a bathroom. The door was wide open, however as she walked in she stopped dead in her tracks. There, under the shower, Angela was stood bent over. Behind her was Tommy thrusting his torso into her, it was obvious they were having sex. “What the…” Sophie didn’t finish her sentence. She knew Bright Sparks was liberal but still it came as a surprise to see two of her housemates shamelessly fucking right in front of her. Because they didn’t stop, even as they noticed her they just kept going. “Oh, hi Sophie”, was the only thing Angela said in between her moans. Tommy nodded his head but didn’t say anything. Sophie just stood there, unable to move. That is, until Ruth gently pushed her aside. “Come on, what are you waiting for? They’re just having a morning fuck before breakfast, it means nothing.” With that, Ruth stepped in the next shower and started showering herself not paying attention to the couple next to her. ‘If Ruth can do that, so can I’, Sophie thought and she almost ran to the toilet. There didn’t seem to come an end to her stream but it was a relief when she was finally finished. Sophie wasn’t the only one relieved as Tommy shot his load deep in Angela’s pussy who was also cumming on her turn.
Tommy pulled out of Angela and the two of them parted. Sophie was fascinated as Tommy’s dick came into view, it was the first one she ever saw other than on pictures and even though it was flaccid she found it mighty interesting. And that thing had just been in Angela’s pussy? It was a lot to take in for Sophie, but after yesterday she thought she could handle everything. Sophie looked at the showers, she could do with a shower herself. She smelled of sweat, the heating being on higher than she was used to had an effect on her body. Since Tommy and Angela were finished in the shower and getting dried Sophie took the now empty shower. “So are they a couple?” she asked Ruth who was still showering next to her. Ruth laughed. “No, nobody’s a couple here except for Dennis and Mandy. The rest of us just have sex with each other as we please, nobody is exclusive to anyone. I’ve had Tommy fuck me as well, just like I’ve had all the other guys. Why not? It feels nice and it doesn’t mean anything.” “Yeah, I guess that it does feel nice but I don’t think I’m ready for it yet.” Sophie reacted. “Of course you’re not ready, you’re eleven”, Ruth explained. “Give it a bit of time and you’ll like it as much as we all do.” Sophie doubted that but she chose not to say anything.
After having finished their shower Sophie followed Ruth downstairs for breakfast, she found it funny how Tommy and Angela each sat on a different end of the table acting as if nothing happened between them. Nonetheless everybody was happily chatting with one another and Sophie joined in on the discussion, she really started feeling at home in this strange but friendly place. After breakfast was finished the kids went up to brush their teeth, Sophie was provided with a new toothbrush and some toothpaste and did the same. Then she saw the girls getting to their rooms to get dressed for school and Sophie realized she didn’t have any spare clothes to put on. The only ones she had were the ones she had worn since social services had picked her up at her home, she had worn them ever since and they were awfully dirty now. Since she didn’t have to go to school she chose to remain naked, it was the most convenient and she was over her shame now.
Sophie had another surprise as when she came down she saw all the kids lined up and each on their turn showing Dennis their lack of underwear. Then they went out the door on their way to school. “What was that all about?” Sophie asked as they were finished and Dennis explained the tradition to her. Then he changed the subject. “You’d better get dressed, the lawyer will be here soon to tell you what you inherited from your parents. We’ve got some clothes for you in the storage room, they’re not new but they’ll do.” Not much later Sophie was dressed in a very short skirt and a top that left her belly exposed, she thought about how her parents would never have allowed her to dress like that. Not that they were particularly prudish but they also weren’t as liberal as things were at Bright Sparks. But now her parents were dead, they couldn’t tell her how to dress anymore. In a certain way she was glad about that, then she felt guilty about the thought. She missed her parents, but if she had to miss them anyway at least she got something good in return.
It turned out Sophie hadn’t gotten dressed a minute too soon, the minute they stepped out of the storage room the doorbell rang. When Dennis went to answer it there was a middle-aged man in a suit and they assumed correctly that he was the lawyer. Dennis introduced himself as he let them in, then introduced Sophie. “Last time I saw you you were in diapers” he told her. “I’m sorry for your loss, but as your parents only child you inherit everything they owned which is quite a lot. You’re a very wealthy young lady, but since you’re under age most of your inheritage will be frozen until you turn 18.” “Frozen?” Sophie asked. “You mean they put it in the freezer? What would be the use of that?” Both Dennis and the lawyer burst out in laughter. “No, that’s not what it means”, the lawyer explained. “It just means that you cannot access it until then. As a matter of fact, nobody can access it. It’s all legally protected. Once you turn 18 it all becomes available to you.”
“So how much is it?” Dennis asked on his turn. As Sophie was now living with him he felt like he was entitled to ask. The lawyer however couldn’t answer that question directly. “That remains to be seen, it depends on how much the auction will bring up. You understand of course, everything will be sold and the earnings will be put in a fund. On her 18th birthday that fund will be released to Sophie.” “So I’m not allowed to go there to pick up my stuff? That will be sold too?” Sophie asked. “No, quite the opposite”, the lawyer explained. “You’re allowed to bring as many personal belongings as you like, those won’t be brought to the auction. However I encourage you to do it fast before the inventory lists for the auction will be made, once the lists have been made and you take an item they’ll find it missing when the auction is being held and you have to reimburse it.” “That makes sense”, Dennis concluded. “So when will the lists be made?” “Probably later this week or early next week, things like that tend to go fast.” The lawyer told them. Dennis was taken aback a bit by just how fast but thought they should be able to manage before that. There was a bit more about the companies which their parents had owned as they would be liquidated as well so that the fund would contain nothing but money for Sophie.
“So, do you agree to this all?” the lawyer asked Sophie as he was finished explaining. “So there’s no limit on personal items which I can bring now?” Sophie asked once more just to be sure. “That’s right, take as much as you want but remember everything you take won’t be brought to the auction and therefor it’s earnings won’t be put in the fund which will be released to you when you’re 18.” “Then I agree”, Sophie said. “Very good”, the lawyer now continued. “If you will please sign these papers, they contain everything I’ve just explained. There’s a copy for you as well.” Dennis read them quickly, making sure there were no unexpected things in there. Luckily there weren’t, the lawyer had explained it all clearly and exactly as it said on paper. Satisfied, he gave the papers to Sophie who signed them. She felt important, signing such an important paper. It was about a lot of money and granted, it wouldn’t be released until she turned 18 but still it was hers. She was a rich girl.
“Now, can we go and pick things up?” Sophie asked as soon as the lawyer had left. “I think we can, although it’ll be quite a trip there. It’s not exactly next door. Mandy can watch the place here while we’re away.” Dennis explained to Mandy where they were going and off they went. It took them a good two hours by several buses to reach their destination but when they arrived Dennis was taken aback by how large and impressive the place was. Sophie had mentioned a house but this was a mansion, he had never seen anything quite like it. “It’s good to be home”, Sophie said cheerfully as she entered the steps to the front door. She pushed a button next to the door and it opened. “It’s that easy?” Dennis wondered. “Just push the button and enter?” “No silly”, Sophie explained. “It’s a fingerprint scanner, only trusted people are allowed in. Obviously the system remembers me, but it wouldn’t have let you in.”
Next Sophie gave Dennis a tour of the house, it was truly impressive. Sophie happily showed Dennis the living room, kitchen, her bedroom, her parents’ bedroom, the several guest rooms and the indoor swimming pool. She also showed the garage with no less than three expensive looking cars in it. One of them was even a Ferrari, next to it were a Porsche Carrera and a large SUV, a Porsche Cayenne. Sophie explained that the Ferrari was her mom’s, the Carrera was her dad’s and the Cayenne was the family car. “And there’s my car” Sophie proudly said. In the back of the garage was a girls bicycle which Sophie, as she explained, used to drive around with. It wasn’t very fast but since you didn’t need a license for it she was indeed entitled to drive it. “Can I please bring it? We can put it on the trailer and hook it up to the Cheyenne, then we can load that up with the rest of my stuff. It’s too much to bring on the bus anyway.” Dennis was surprised by how this young girl had thought everything out but since it was her house and her stuff he couldn’t say no. Besides, he did fancy driving that big car but he did explain to Sophie that once everything was moved they had to return it since it was way too expensive to keep. The taxes for it would be more than Bright Sparks could afford to pay and Sophie wouldn’t get any money until she turned 18. If Sophie desired a car when she turned 18, it was better to buy something new then. Sophie was disappointed they couldn’t keep the car but agreed that you can’t have everything. At least she would have her bicycle and the rest of her belongings.
Collecting the rest of those belongings and loading them in the car took several hours and by the time they were done it was approaching dinner time. “There should be plenty of food in the kitchen” Sophie said. “Nobody has touched it since I left here and that was only a few days ago. Hey, that reminds me, before we leave we should pack all the food and drinks into the car. We can use them at Bright Sparks and here they would only go to waste.” Dennis complimented her on her thoughtfulness. They made a quick meal in the kitchen and then emptied the food storage in the car. They even had to load some of it into the trailer along with the bicycle, Dennis had secured it with ropes so it wouldn’t fall off. As big as the car was, it was packed to the brim. Mostly with stuff that wouldn’t bring up anything on an auction but was useful to have anyway but there was also a painting among it which Sophie insisted on taking. The rest consisted mostly of clothing including several suits for Dennis which had belonged to Sophies father. Sophie had insisted on him taking them as a gift from her. It seemed like Sophie intended to treat everyone at Bright Sparks to a new wardrobe, she brought that many clothes with her. Dennis had to remind her that the girls at Bright Sparks rarely wore clothes at all but Sophie wanted to bring the lot anyway, just for the occasions that they did wear clothes.
By the time they drove off it was evening but Dennis had no problem driving back to Bright Sparks. He drove carefully, aware of the trailer behind the car. Nonetheless, the journey went much faster than when they went there by bus and late in the evening they arrived back at Bright Sparks. Sophie had fallen asleep just after they drove off and Dennis woke her up to say they were back. It appeared the rest of the kids were about to go to bed but arrived back downstairs when they saw Dennis and Sophie return. All the kids complimented on the beautiful car and were disappointed they couldn’t keep it, but everyone helped to unload it. As a result, unloading the car went much faster than loading it and it didn’t take long for it to be empty. Sophie got her bicycle off the trailer and put it in the front garden. When she entered the home she found the rest of the kids admiring the clothes she had brought with her, they were very fashionable and could easily be made skimpy. “Help yourself” was all Sophie said when she saw how enthusiastic everyone was. “I brought those clothes for you, I don’t need them. I got my own. To show this, Sophie held up a bag with clothes that had been hers. The rest, which the kids were now dividing, had been her parents. Everyone got their fair share and was satisfied, they all thanked Sophie who put it off with “It’s the least I can do”.
With all of that sudden activity it had become way past bedtime and as things settled down Dennis sent everyone to bed. “That includes you as well Sophie, you too need your sleep.” Even though Sophie didn’t feel that tired (she had slept in the car) she agreed it would be best for her to go to bed, tomorrow would be a new day.
And indeed it was a new day, all too soon the alarm rang as a sign for everyone to wake up. This time Sophie remembered there was a special bathroom for the three transit rooms as Dennis had called them and which she now had one of. It was just the other way from which she had turned yesterday. She doubted, should she use that one or walk back to the bathroom which she had used yesterday. Thinking back, it had actually been fun even though she had been taken by surprise yesterday. That wouldn’t happen this time, she decided as she turned to use the communal bathroom. This time there wasn’t any sex going on although she did get to see Lewis naked. What’s more, he had an erection which was another first for Sophie. She didn’t dare touch it but she did enjoy the sight, it gave her a tinkling feeling in her stomach.
Breakfast was much like it had been yesterday with the girls all remaining naked and only getting dressed just before they had to leave for school. This time Sophie playfully decided to join the queue of kids for the no underwear inspection and even though she wasn’t going anywhere she did prove she had nothing on under her skirt. It was amazing how fast she had come to like the feeling of being naked or nearly naked, she even thought about showing off after having heard the other kids talk about it but the opportunity hadn’t arisen yet. Just a few days ago she would have been mortified about the thought of showing off her body, now she laughed about it. What had she been so afraid of? ‘If the rest of the kids can do it, so can I’, Sophie told herself. It didn’t matter that she was eleven and the rest of them were all at least fourteen, she’d show them what an eleven year old was capable of.
After the rest of the kids had gone off to school Dennis asked Sophie if she was coming to take the car back. He needed her fingerprints to enter the house and drop off the keys, besides there might be something Sophie had forgotten yesterday. Of course Sophie wanted to come, it was a good opportunity to take one last look at her old house before it would be sold. While driving to the house Dennis suddenly remembered “You need a passport for your trip to France. I’ve already ordered them for the rest of the kids but not for you yet. You weren’t on the list, it was actually just when you arrived with us that the list had been filed.” “I think it’s in the safe, forgot to check there last time”, Sophie reacted. Good thing they went back, they both thought.
It didn’t take long for them to arrive and put the car back in the garage. Sophie fetched her passport, which was indeed in the safe. “Before we go back there’s one thing I want to do”, she said and before Dennis knew what was going on Sophie ran off. Dennis chased her to the indoor swimming pool where he found Sophie taking off her clothes and dive in naked as the day she was born. “This is so much fun”, Sophie cheered as she surfaced. “When I was still with my parents the thought of swimming naked never occurred to me, I always wore a bathing suit. This is so much better.” “Wait, let me join in on the fun”, Dennis said as he too took off his clothes. It didn’t bother him that Sophie would see him naked, all the girls had seen him naked by then as he made love to them and none had ever complained. But he wasn’t going to make love to Sophie, not until she was old enough to handle it. He did however have no qualms about taking off his clothes before her. Sophie just laughed and thought Dennis had a nice dick. It was bigger than the boys she had seen so far but then again, Dennis was a much bigger guy so it made sense for his dick to also be bigger. And Mandy was having that inside her? How was that ever going to fit? Rather her than me, Sophie thought.
After a while they decided they had swam enough and got dried. Reluctantly Sophie put her clothes back on and they headed off. It was quite a walk to the nearest bus stop but up until now there had never been a need for Sophie to take the bus. Her parents had always driven her everywhere, now she had to leave those cars behind. Bright Sparks couldn’t afford a car, not even one much cheaper than the ones they left behind. Dennis made sure Sophie had her passport with her, which she had. Then it was back home taking various buses, a much longer trip than by car but that was the way they did it at Bright Sparks. And at least she had her bicycle. 