I started sex with my own aunt. I am rajesh from Chennai, working in a software company after obtain B.Tech from one if the leading university, often visit bangalore I am the only son for my parents as my parents are working I used to go my aunt's house which is in a village near by

Trichy during my long holidays from my childhood since my uncle died in an accident aunt was living alone in the village.. I used to visit my aunt's house during holidays since the childhood. And she loves me very much and she will take care of me.

As it was a village there is no separate bathroom so we used to take bath inside the house itself. She used to make bath and most of the time completely nude and she also take bath with me as a young boy I don't have ill feelings. I always sleep in aunt's arms and she used to hug me closer to her while sleeping. I used to sleep with her smell and heat.

My aunt's body always gives a smell, which we will feel coming from some kind of flowers. Time went away and I was 18 years old and was on college. One day one boy in our school bought a small book, which was having some sex stories and some naked photos of women. We at the leisure period went outside of the school and sitting under a tree we read one story and saw all the photos.

The story was telling about one boy having sex with his aunt. The book completely changed my attitude and thought towards woman. But unfortunately I was not able to go to village bcoz I had special classes for preparing 10th std.After finishing my semester I went to my aunt's house when I was on 21.

When I went to her house she received me with joy and gave me a sweet kiss on my forehead.after having dinner we both sleeped in the same bed.In the next day morning she enquired about my studies and while chatting she prepared hot water to take bath and place it in the corner where we usually bath in my young age

and then she removed her saree and blouse in front of me while chatting I was stunned to see her big breast which was covered by bra I can't control my eyes bcoz this is the first time I am seeing a woman like this. Then she moved back and removed her bra and tied her inner garment upto her breast, while doing so I got a good glance of her bare back.

Then she called me to help her in applying soap which I usually do in my young age so I took my hand she turned back applied soap gently. She asked me to take bath along with her saying that she removed my tshirt and unzip my pant and finally she was about to remove my underwear due to shyness I took her hands but she removed it saying I saw you naked from

your young age then why are you she getting shy now I was completely naked in front of her and then she poured water and applied soap on my chest, hands, feet, thighs and then finally she applied soap in my penis that time I feel some current passing through me and I had a huge erection in front of her I tried to control it but I can't control it.

I feeled embarrassing but my aunt laughed at me saying I have grown up and these things are normal at this age Now let me tell u abt my beautiful sexy aunty. She is goddess of sex. She is abt 35 of age. No words would be enough to describe her. But I will try to describe her level best. Simply saying, she will be any mans dream girl even in this age.

She is white and very beautiful. With a height of 5.6" she is well structured with the shapes of 36-26- 36 and with a deep navel which is simply superb. As usual in night I was while sleeping with my aunt, I just remembered about the story and the photos.

Some day's aunt used to hug me very tightly and used to kiss me wild and used to rub my tool and she used to put her fingers inside her panty and moaned I never knew why she does this but now I undertand her she was hungry for sex. That night she was holding me tightly and our bodies was pressing each other. Then I started to imagine my aunt naked as seen on the photos.

This gave a pleasant feeling to my body and my penis started growing. As we were holding each other my bulging felt on her thighs. I could not control myself and the cock was bulging again as I was thinking about the story. After a little while aunt adjusted slightly and now the cock bulging was hitting at the proper place... As the time passed she got hot as she was not having sex for a long time.

She lost control and she started kissing me wildly on all over my face. She put one hand on my butts and pressed me hard against her. My cock got hard again and my hardness was hitting on her pussy. My dress was a shorts, I started massaging at her back side and she got wild and mad. She put her hands on my cock and started pressing on it hard with the cloths. Then she removed my shorts and it slide down.

She made me naked and started running her hand all over my body. I was so hot and I could not resist and started pressing her boobs. First she kissed me in my forehead and then in my lip gently then she applied her tongue inside my tongue for few minutes we were kissing and then she kissed my lips tightly and then my chest his hands moved in every part of my body and making me pleasure and then she asked me "did you ever seen naked women".

I said no and I told about the photos and story in the book. Then she asked me, do you want to fuck me like the boy. I said I want to but I don't know how to do that. She kissed me hardly and told me that she will teach me all things about sex. First she told me how to fuck a woman and asked to fuck her. She lied down and asked me to be on top of her. She unhooked her blouse. She was wearing a bra and blouse on top of it..

She sat on the bed and removed the blouse and the bra. I sat beside of her and started pressing on her tits. While I was playing with her tits she was playing with my dick. My body was having a special kind of feeling which can not be described. She still was wearing the petticoat. She removed that also and was naked as me. She kept her legs wide open and asked me to raise my buttocks.

Then she took the cock and placed on the correct position on her wet pussy. Then she asked me to press slowly until all my cock goes inside of her pussy. All my 7 inch cock was inside her pussy and it was filled in her pussy fully. Then she told me to slide up and down. When I took first time all my cock came out of her pussy and she told me that to keep the head inside and don't take all cock out.

Then slide inside full. Then I started doing it as she told me and really I was fucking her, my first fuck. She put her hands around me and pressed me hard against her and was kissing me deeply. After a while she asked to increase my speed little by little. She was so wet and each time my cock goes inside it was making a noise bloomm bloom bloom.

She was whispering on my ears many sexy words likeoh my sweetie fuck me harder my pussy never had a cock for a long time.now your cock is inside my pussy.now thrust harder and harder and make my pussy soft..make my pussy cum..I need all your milk from your cock to my pussy.

Fill my pussy with your cock milk my dear boyI am waiting for this from you from your childhood she asked me to tell her sexy words like this and I whispered in her ear the same thingshe started making funny noises. After few minutes, I started having a sort of feeling on my body.

It was like a small current passing thru.I told her about it and she told me that I nearing to the climax and she also was going to have the sameit was a kind of feeling and I felt that I was flying on the sky. This time she was having her climax and she pressed me hard and was making funny noises.

my body started shivering and all of a sudden my cock pumped milk to aunt's pussy..it was my first and great experience and we were lying as it is for a while, keeping my cock inside her pussythen slipped down from her body after a while we fucked again and slept.

Then after some days we lived like husband and wife and one day I decorated the room with with flowers like doing in first night and aunt came up with with milk and she was wearing a silk saree with her jewels. I stood up and looked at her eyes for a while.

Next, with in no time kissed her gently I pulled her to me and kissed her lips eagerly. She also kissed my lips while hugging hardly each other. Both of us are kissing and biting each others lips eagerly and passionately.

Also I kissed her cheeks, neck and every part of face while pressing her one boob with my right hand and pressing her beautiful ass with my left hand. Nearly 10mins, we kissed each other.Then I laid her in the bed and kissed her belly and navel then I played with her navel with my fingers. My aunt's pallu was slipped down..

I attacked her by kissing her neck, while my one hand is rubbing her breast and keeping my other hand on her navel. With that touch she moaned with extreme pleasure. She also took my lips in the same position. I turned her towards me and gave kisses on her face. She kept her hands around me and moaning slowly.

I took her breasts into my mouth and squeezing without taking off her blouse. After that I eagerly removed her saree off. She is fantastic and very sexy without her saree, showing her beautiful deep navel, large breasts trying to come out of her blouse and big ass. I knelt down on my knees and licked her stomach and kissed her navel while grabbing her large ass. I touch her pussy on her dress only.

She moaned like aaaaaaa..... Ummmmm... Like that with that touch. Then I stood in front of her and looked at her eyes. She also looked at my eyes and asked "what r u looking" wile smiling. "U r very sexy my dear aunty. Ur breasts are so beautiful". Then I took honey which I already brought and pour around his navel and belly.

Then with my tongue I sucked his navel and belly she was really shouted to fucke her immediately then i removed her blouse and bra. Oh her breasts r simply superb. I immediately squeezed her breasts and licked her nipples.I took her breast fully in my mouth and sucked it and bite it. This continues for another few minutes.

As she was extremely fair I can see her nipples turned due to sucking, she is moaning and squeezing "Ram, please do it for me. Don't leave me. I am urs...." like that. But no word from her is not being cared.. She was moaning keeping her fingers on my head. Then slowly I removed her petty coat. Then she was completely nude.

Then I took her in to my hug and kissed her entire body. Her pussy is simply superb with beautiful convex shape. I laid her down on the bed and separated her legs. Her beautiful pussy is in pink color and I licked her pussy with my tongue. With that touch she moaned like aaaaaaaaahhhhhhh... Shhhhhhhhhhhh ummmmmmmmmmm..... I even bit her pussy with my teeth. She was moaning with extreme pleasure.

About 10mins I licked her pussy and cleaned with my tongue. After that she said Ram, Please do it faster, I can't wait further, please fuck me". Then I immediately made my self nude. Then I laid down on the bed with her ass on the edge of the bed. I separated her legs. "Aunty ur pussy lips r simply superb", I told her while inserting my middle finger in her pussy.

Then I touched her pussy lips with my top of dick and rubbed there. She moaned with that. Slowly I pushed my 7" dick into her pussy. Hardly had it gone into her pussy up to 5".. Then I completely removed my cock from her pussy. While holding her belly with my hands I hardly jerked my big tool into her pussy.

That's it. My entire 7" thick dick intruded into her convex shaped pussy tearing her pussy. My beautiful aunty screamed like any way and cried like "ammoooooo, aaaaaaaaaaa, mmmmmmmmmm my pussyyy, aaaa hhhhhhh" while holding tightly my hands which were at her belly. Her thighs are around my belly.

With that great shot, she made a loud sound. After that shot I leaned on her for a while and licked her lips and her breasts. She moaned with sweet pleasure and moving up and down. "Hey Ram Please do it" she told me smilingly. Then I again stood on my foot while holding her belly and slowly removed my dick and gave another jerk.

Slowly I increased my speed. With those jerks my aunty is also crying like.... Ahhhhhhhhhhh mmmmmmmmmmmmm ammmmmmmmmoooooo, shhhhhhh. Nearly after 20 mins, I was about to cum. So, I increased my speed. I really fucked very wildly. Her breasts were moving to and fro with my jerks.

At last I inserted my cock into her pusssy with a great jerk and leaned on her breathing very fast. I cum into her pussy. She held me with his hands on my back and her thighs on my hips and was screaming nearly 5mins I was on her in the same position. Next I laid on the bed besides her breathing very fast. She smiled sexily on looking at me.

She gave a sweet kiss to my lips saying you are a good learner you know how to satisfy a woman. After that we have 2 more rounds. I fucked her very wildly that night till abut 4am. After that night I have been fucking her regularly. She is also enjoying very much.











