
The Guy Coffin Story

CheerLeader

by 
JSR




Sandra and I returned for our last year of high school. As expected, we both had Lynda Fortune for our World History teacher. The first day of class, I was again ask to be her helper, which I was happy to do. Several of the people in the class, had been in our class last year, and there were some snickers, and one ever blurted out Teachers Pet.

One of the students in this class was Kami Whitbee. She was the Head Cheer Leader. At lunch, she came and sat with me. I was surprised, as she had always avoided me. While she was a very beautiful girl, she had the personality of a wet dish rag, and the intelligence of an eight year old. After a small amount of chit chat, she said, When you grade my papers, if I get at least a C, I can be very grateful. I ask, What do you mean by grateful? Whatever you want it to mean, she said.

There were no others sitting near to us, so I said, How about if I give you a D, you give me a blow job, and if I give you a C, you fuck me? And in any case, my sister and her girlfriend Sally must make the squad, for me to even consider falsely grading your papers. The next thing is what is your boyfriend, the star quarterback, going to do if you start seeing me? She answered, You guarantee that I get nothing lower than a D, they are on the squad. Don't worry about Jack, he will do as I say, or I will cut him completely off. Give me a B, and I will fuck you, and a C will get you a blow job.

I said, No way. If I give you a B, that you do not deserve, there would be to much controversy, and either you would be accused of cheating, or I would be accused of falsifying grades. Your reputation, is academically to bad, and there would be an investigation. Go with my original offer, or nothing. I figured that I might get a blow job now and then from her, but nothing else. I also said, The day that you see the grade on your paper, you will do your part, after cheer leading practice, and in that room, with who ever is there. 

Kami said, You want a blow job, or to fuck me with the other cheer leaders watching? I said, Exactly. Even in front of your sister, and her friend? Yep, I answered. The air head thought about it for a while, and said, Well if you don't care if they see us, then I guess I don't either. You have a deal. She then got up and left. As she walked away, I planted in her mind that she could not tell any one about the arrangement.

In Lynda's class, Kami, decided to sit beside of me. I was not sure I liked it, but Sandra, said, Good, that way maybe people will not realize that we are together, and figure that maybe you and Kami are an item. It will also help remove any suspicions about you and Lynda away. I decided that it might be good in that way, so I did not say or do anything. 

When the first quiz came, I moved around in my seat, so that Kami could not see my answers. I could tell she was not happy with that, but I had a deal with her, and giving her the answers was not part of it.

After class, Lynda and I graded the papers, and I made sure that I had Kami's. She had missed a D by one question, so when Lynda was not looking, I changed one answer, and gave her a D. Once we had all the papers graded, we still had about 30 minutes left, so I said to Lynda, How was you vacation to Hawaii? She walked to the door, and locked it, and said, It was very good, but I missed you. She then came to where I was standing, and embraced me, and we started making out. As we were, my hand that was around her, started unbuttoning her blouse (it was one that buttoned up the back). She just held our kiss, until I unhooked her bra. She then broke our kiss, and said, You must have missed me also, but we must be careful. 

I said, Lynda, I need you badly. She answered, I need you also, but not today, I am having my period. When the time is right, I will let you know. With that, she unzipped my pants, and went to her knees. She pulled my cock out and gave me the first blow job, I had had from her. When we were done, she had me fasten her bra and button her blouse. I deliberately left one of the buttons unbuttoned, so that from behind, someone could see her bra. As far as I could determine, she did not notice it, and her mind did not indicate that she knew what I had done.

When I handed out the papers, the next day, I mouthed to Kami, During cheer leading today. B. J. She nodded her head very slightly in a yes motion, as I moved on to the next person. After school, I went to the cheer practice room, (making sure that all the girls were there) and locked the door after I had entered. Everyone looked up as I entered. I walked up to Kami and said, I am here for what you owe me. Get ready! She looked at me, and then at the girls. I shook my head yes, and she very slowly started undressing. The girls mostly gasped at seeing their leader undressing in front of a guy. Of course Gloria and Sally, were grinning like the cat that ate the canary. 

Once she was nude, I said, Girls, gather round. Your leader lost a bet, and must give me a blow job in front of all of you. Now Kami, please get started. Kami then opened my fly, and took my belt loose, lowered my pants, and then my shorts. The girls were chanting do it, do it. Kami gave me a strange look, and then proceeded to give a blow job. When I was about to cum, she started to pull off of me, but I told her Blow jobs are not complete, until you eat all of my cum. If you pull off now, you will have to to it again in a few minutes. Swallow my cum now and it is over. She got red in the face, and almost choked, but she got all of it. 

After she was done, I stood there with my cock hanging out, and said to the girls, We have a reoccurring bet and depending on how badly she looses, determines her punishment, so expect to see her nude, and my cock quite a bit this semester. I then told Kami that she had to remain nude until practice was over, and I stayed to watch it. Seeing her jumping around doing the cheers without anything on, was very nice. Her large tits bouncing up and down, and back and forth was extremely rewarding. I am sure that they ached by the time she got home.

Lynda and I, the next week kept up our noon make out sessions, and on Friday, she ask me if I could come to her house, to help her move some furniture, but not to let anyone know where I was going. I said with a big grin, Sure, can't have the administration know that you are employing one of your students She smiled and said, Right, see you about 10am then.

At 10am, I arrived at Lynda's apartment, riding my bike. She said, Good, I was afraid that you would drive, and the neighbors would see a strange car here, but this way we can put the bike in the hall way and no one will know I have a visitor.

Once the bike was stored in the hall way, Lynda lead me to her bedroom, and said, I need to move the bed to the left, so that I can get in/out from either side. We moved it to where she was happy, and she said, It looks good, lets try it, as she undressed. Not being to much of a dim wit, I started undressing as well. She looked at me undressing and said, Young man, just what do you think you are doing? I answered, Preparing to meet you halfway. And just where is half way? The center of the bed, I answered. She said first on on the bed dude gets to be on the bottom. No fair, I said, you got a head start. Tough titty, she answered. I said, I don't think so, they look very soft to me. You seem to have a good answer for everything, as she laid on the center of the bed.

I sat on the edge of the bed, and then rolled over next to Lynda. As I was kissing her, she took hold of my cock, and pulled me on top of her. As she did, she guided my cock to her opening, and said, Shove it in, I like it hard and fast sometimes, and I need you so badly, this is one of those times. I have dreamed of this since I took over your class last year. I said, So have I. Sometimes dreams do come true. I spent most of the day there, most of the time with my cock inside her pussy. We did take time out to eat something, as neither one of us had eaten breakfast. She was fantastic, and she said that she loved the way we worked together, both in and out of bed.

Just as I was leaving, she said, You are aware that we cannot let this get out, or I would loose my job? I said, I am the essence of discretion. No one will hear a thing from me. I then left for home on my bike, taking a round about route, making sure that no one was following me. No one was, but then I really did not think there would be.

Everyone was waiting for me at home, wanting to know how things went. I started out by telling them about moving the bed, and then the sleeper sofa in the living room. Finally Alma with her pregnant belly said, Yes, Yes, Now tell us if you fucked her or not, and how many times. I put on a surprised look and said, You mean I was suppose to fuck her to? Why in Heavens name would I do that? I thought they were going to get a rope and hang me. Finally I said, Yes, she is a great fuck, and will make a good addition to the harem. By the time school is out, she will be with us, but she does not know anything about it yet.

Sally spoke up and ask, What is going on between you and Kami? I said, We made an arrangement, and it got you and Gloria on the cheer team. It went further, but I can not give you the details. Needless to say, she will be giving me blow jobs, and fucking me for at least this semester. And all of this will take place in front of all the cheer squad, that was part of the deal. She will be changing the way things work on the squad, and the way some of the cheers will be done. She does not know about that yet, so do not say anything to her about what happened, or is going to happen. I don't want you two to make waves, just do as she tells you, unless you get other instructions from me. Also if you have any ideas about new routines, run them by me before you say anything to her.

In the next couple of weeks, I got another blow job from Kami, and I fucked her once. Both in front of the whole cheer squad. While she did not like them to watch her, she did not make much fuss. She was afraid that I would stop helping her grades. What she did not know was that after she left school, I was following her, and taking notes. Several evenings during this time, I saw Jack sneak into her bedroom through a window. Now, I had her where I wanted her. 

I saw Kami in the hall before school, and I handed her a note. It said, Kami, You will invite me to your home for supper, tomorrow night. You will make sure that I meet your parents, and that I see inside your room. If you fail to do this, there will be repercussions that you will be grounded at the minimum, and maybe ever harsher punishment. Destroy this note after you read it. signed You Know Who.

Lynda and I were playing it cool at school. Unless we really did have papers to grade, we only met 3 times a week at lunch. This particular day, I was in the lunch room sitting in a corner where I could see everyone, when Kami came to sit with me. She whispered, I destroyed the note. What is going on? I said, You and I are going to have a private talk in your room. Use the excuse that I am there to help you study your World History. You will arrange for us to be alone in your room, and your parents cannot hear us. Other wise I have information I know that your parents will not like. The disclosure of this information, to your parents, will ruin your social life for the rest of the year, and maybe for longer than that.

Kami ask, What information? I said, The only thing I will tell you is that it concerns Jack and some other people. But why for supper. she ask? Because I want to get to know your parents a little. You can tell them that I live across town and if I wait to have supper at home, we will not have time to study. What if they have other plans? Then what do I do? I said, Then you had better make sure that they don't. This is a one time offer. What time do you usually eat? Kami said, About 5:30. Then I will be there at 5:15. I also want you to wear a dress, and NO under ware. Again not negotiable. I then got up and left.

I found a pay phone, and called Mable, and told her I would not be home until late. She said, Do not make it to late, this my night, and I need it badly. I said, I won't be later than 10pm. So we will still have plenty of time before you have to feed the babies.

After school, I followed Kami again. This time she went to Jack's house and was inside for a couple of minutes, and when she came out, she was as mad as a stirred up hornet's nest. She then stopped at a strip joint, and was inside for only about 5 minutes before she came out crying. She then went and sat in a park, until she had her emotions under control. Then she went home. It was about 4:30pm.

I road around the neighborhood for a while, and at 5:15 I went to the door, and knocked. Her dad (Sam) opened the door and ask, Are you Guy? I answered, Yes sir. He said, Come in. We are in a hurry tonight, as my wife and I have to go to a dinner meeting. You and Kami can fix something when you get hungry. My name is Sam, and my wife is Lucile. We would like to know a little about you before we leave you here with Kami alone. I hope you can understand that. Yes sir, I answered. I believe I can. What can I tell you to ease your mind?

Well for one thing, this is the first year that we have heard Kami even mention you, why do you think that is? Sir, I said, This is the first year we have been in the same classroom together. I am kind of know as an egghead, and I travel in different circles mostly than Kami does. That is pretty much what Kami has told us, so we will leave you two alone to study. We will be back late, so we probably will not see you before you leave. Good by. And thanks for helping our daughter.

As they were shutting the door, Kami came down the stairs, and said, What do you want to eat? You, I answered. I then said, If you are hungry, then fix something, else not, because I am not right now, maybe later. She said, Later, we have the whole house to ourselves, now. I said, To your room please. We went up the stairs, and she pointed out the bathroom, saying In case you need it. 

In her room, I looked around at all the junk she had there, and also out the window. I could see how Jack could easily get into her room undetected. After inspecting the room for a minute or two, I said, You have a dress on, now show me that that is all you are wearing. She unbuttoned the top of the dress, and pulled her arms out of it and let it fall to the floor, reveling her nude body. It looked even better than it did in the cheer practice room. I said, Very good, I like a person who can follow instructions correctly. Now I want you to undress me, and be careful doing it. Show some finesse.

Once she had me nude, I ask, Do you have a cell phone with a camera on it? Yes, she answered. I said, Give it to me. She disappeared for a few minutes, and returned with it. I had her pose in quite a few different positions, and made sure I had good shots of her tits and pussy, and her face. I also took a longer shot so that all three showed up in the same picture. I then told her, I am going to fuck you, and take pictures of it. You will pose as I ask, or the information goes to your dad. DO YOU UNDERSTAND? She shook her head yes, and I said, I cannot hear your head rattle, speak your answers to me. (she did not know that I had a recorder in my pants pocket, that was recording everything)

I had her lay on the bed on her back, and as I put my cock to her pussy lips, I took another picture of that. I then handed the camera to her and said, Take a picture looking down between your tits, and of my cock as it enters your pussy. She got red in the face, but she did it. I then fucked her hard and fast. She was dry to start with, because I purposely did not work her up to it. However after I had made about 5 strokes into her, she started secreting pussy juice, and once it started it came out in a small river. The look on her face told me that she was enjoying it a lot. She kept cumming in one continuous orgasm. When she felt me about to cum, she said, Pull out, I did not have my pill today. I answered, You seem to be making a lot of mistakes, but you take your chances. I will not pull out. Then I dumped about 6 large spurts of cum deep inside of her. As I laid on top of her with my cock still inside, she started crying, If I get pregnant, what will I tell mom and dad? I said, First it is highly unlikely that you are now pregnant. Second, Jack takes the blame if you are. Third, you are now my slut, and at cheer practice from now on, you will beg me to fuck you in the ass, pussy and mouth every time I show up.

I continued, You are also going to change some of your routines to what I tell you to do. The first change that will be made is that every game one of the girls will appear without her panties, and do the routines. You will be the first one to do it. She sobbed, How will we get away with it? I said, You will think of something, but check with me before you do it. You will start having the girls practicing in the nude. She ask, Even your sister and her friend? Even them I said. In case you have forgotten, Sally is my girlfriend. Next, you will be open to new routines from the girls. I have a feeling they might come up with something new and innovative. Another thing, You will not wear a bra when doing the cheers at a game. But, all that jumping around will make them come out of my top, she said.

Then I suggest you find a solution to that problem. Now turn over and lie on your stomach. Why she ask? I said, Because I am horny again, and this time I am going to fuck your ass. No one has ever done that to me, you can't she said. I said, Cunt you are my bitch, you will do as you are told, or daddy get some pictures. You wouldnt do that she said. Are you willing to bet your future on it, I ask? Noooo, she said as she turned over. I said Is there a lubricant in the bathroom, or somewhere in the house? She answered, There is some KY jelly in a drawer in my mom's room. I said Then the both of us will go to get it. I want to see that room also. In the room, I looked over a typical bedroom, except that there seemed to be some restraints on the wall by the bed. I ask Kami what they are for, and she said, Dad sometimes locks mom or me in them for punishment. What kind of punishment, I ask?

She said, I don't know why he does it to mom, but for me it is when he thinks I have done something I shouldn't. Like what, I ask? The last time he locked me in them, was a couple of years ago, when he thought that I had allowed a boy to play with my tits. I ask, And did you allow it, or was it an accident? She smiled and said, I did not know that dad was home, and I let the guy play with my tits, tired to make it look accidental. I guess I did not fool dad.

I ask, Do you know where he keeps the keys? She said, Yes, mom found them one day, and told me where he hid them, so the last time he had her locked up, I let her out, and then locked her back up before he got home. I said, Show me the keys. She took me to the hiding place, and I picked them up and said, Lets go back into their room. In the room, I had her lay face down on the bed, and locked her in place. I then got the KY jelly and put it on my cock and made it very slick. Then I took a finger and started putting it in and on her ass hole. She was begging me, Please don't do this. She was also sobbing, and I said, I told you, you are my slut and I will do to as I please. 

Once I had lubed her ass, I put my cock to it, and started pressing into her. She was squirming, trying to stop me, but I kept the pressure up and eventually I got the head of my cock past the sepulcher muscles. Now the going was a little easier, but she was crying real tears. I was determined not to let that stop me, and kept pushing until I had my cock fully inside of her ass. Then I started slowly pulling out of her. I could hear her breathing a little easier, and she said Good, please take it all the way out. Once I was back to where there was just my dick head inside of her, I started back in again. Now I was paying no attention to her, and started ramming into her hard and fast. Once I felt my cum starting to build, I made one last hard shove, and my balls were tight against her ass. I stayed there for a second, and my load started emptying into her poop chute. I stayed inside of her for as long as I could before her system forced my cock out of her ass.

I then looked down at Kami, and she was out cold. A couple of minutes later, I had her released from the shackles, and she started coming to. I ask her how she felt and she said, Wonderful. That was great. I never thought that it could be pleasant, but after you got inside of me, it really made me cum. Now I am going to have to make up this bed before mom and dad gets back. I hope they don't notice the different sheets on the bed.

After she had made the bed, we returned to her room. I then fucked her again, and said, I have to go now, but you never know when I will return. What about dad, she ask? I ask her, Does he know when Jack is here? What do you know about that, she ask? Just part of the information I have that you do not want your parents to find out, so slut, do as I tell you and I will not let them know. Also at school, you will continue to avoid me, except in the cheer practice room. There you will obey anything I tell you to do, and you will have the other girls do as I say also.

She ask Are you going to fuck them also? It depends on how I feel at the time, but of course, Gloria is out of the running, as she is my sister, she is safe. (it sounded good for her, but Gloria was getting a lot of cock at home.)

I rode around the neighborhood until I saw Kami's parents come home, and I saw the light on in her room. I then sneaked into the yard, and up to her open window. She looked up just as I stepped into her room, and put her finger up to her lips to indicate no talking. She then come over to me and whispered, What are you doing back here? I said quietly, Just here to let you know that I can get in with them here, and I am going to fuck you again while I am here and they are here. I could shout, and they would come running, she whispered. I whispered back, and said, And just what would you tell them when I start talking about what I know? She answered, Ok you win, I will be your slut, and do what ever you want, in private, but not in front of other people. I raised my voice slightly and said, You will do what I tell you even if the whole school is watching, DO I MAKE MYSELF CLEAR? 

She put her fingers to her lips and whispered, Ok anything you say, anytime and any place. Now will you fuck my ass again, I really loved that.

She got on the bed and on her hands and knees, and wiggled her ass. I took off my pants and shorts, and noticed that her ass was still open a little, so I just put my cock up to it and shoved. Her head hit the headboard, and made some noise. We waited for a few minutes and heard nothing outside the door, so I again shoved my cock into her ass, and it slid in with just a little resistance. I kept fucking her ass until I could not hold it any longer and about 5 ropes of cum flooded her ass. I pulled out of her and she was out again. I wiped my cock on her bedspread, and put my clothing on and left out the window, for home.

On my way home, I decided to try something I had never attempted before. I would do an in depth analysis of Kami's mind. At home, I told the family that I had a problem I had to work out, and that tonights rotation, would be put back one day, and then the normal schedule would resume.

I went to bed, and laid in a dark room, so I could concentrate. I searched for Kami, and she was sleeping. I started probing into her memories first. She seemed to have an unhappy childhood. I saw many times she was disappointed at things her parents had given her, or had her do. She started rebelling against them at an early age. While her intelligence was average, her ego was over the top.

Further checking into her mind, resulted in me finding out that she believed that she, and only she knew what was right, but she had decided to play like she was trying to conform, while making plans to upset everyone. She even thought that she was controlling me, by giving me sex. I would keep her from flunking out of school, by 'fixing' her grades.

Now I was getting the picture of the real Kami. She thought she could do no wrong, and anyone who said she was wrong had to be destroyed in one way or another. One thing I checked on was her memory of what happened at the strip club that I had seen her enter, and come out crying. She had tried to get a part time job as a stripper, or waitress, but was told to come back when she was 18. That was a month away. She thought that since it was so close they would hire her anyway.

I then started scanning minds at the strip club, until I found the manager. I looked at his recall of her talking to him. He had thought that she was very beautiful (which she is), and he could use her in the back (private) room, if she was of age.

I then probed his mind to see what the private room was all about. What I found was very interesting! The girls in the back room, would dance one at a time, then there was a game played. This game, consisted of two wheels. The first wheel contained the following entries: Blow Job, Ass Fuck, Pussy Fuck, Two men, Three men, and gang bang. The second wheel had of: $0,$1, $10, $100, and $1,000. The entries were scattered, and there was only 1 $0, 2 $1, 5 $10, 20 $100, and 30 $1000. The MC would spin the first wheel, and what ever it landed on the girl would preform that task. The second wheel would spin and what ever $ amount it landed on, a man would have to pay for her to do that task. The girl would get 25% of what ever the patron had to pay. She could make from $0 to $250 depending on what space it landed on, and had to preform what ever act the first wheel landed on for that patron.

The girls in the back room had to sigh a contract saying that they could not work out front, or for any other strip club, and they had to be available for at least 2 nights a week, for at least 5 hours. I now had an idea of how I could see that she had her cum up-pence (pun intended)!

I then went back to Kami's mind, and planted the command that after school on her 18th birthday, she would again go to that strip club and apply. Also, that she would sign any contract that they wanted. Until then, I would keep having her fuck me in front of the cheer squad, and I would sneak into her room now and then and fuck her with her parents home.

In the mean time, I was still meeting Lynda at her home on the week ends, and usually stayed overnight with her. The one week end I missed, was because Alma had my second baby from her. It was another boy and we named him Christopher. I now had 3 sons and one daughter. Both Alma and Mable were giving the family a lot of mothers milk. Their production of it, had not slowed down due to the kids still sucking their tits as well as the adults.

On the day of her 18th birthday, Kami came to school dressed like a queen. Since she was running for home coming queen, most of the kids and faculty thought she was just advertising for their votes, by dressing that way. However, she had dressed that way, to empress the manager of the strip club, after she left school that day.

When Kami entered the strip club, she went directly to the managers office, produced her birth certificate, and said, I am now 18, I want to be a stripper, here at this club.  The manager looked at her birth certificate, and said, Do you know what this job en tales? Just taking my clothing off to music, and teasing the men a little. It is more than that, lets go for a walk, and I will show you what your job would be if I hire you. 

They went to the back room, and he showed her the stage, and the dressing rooms. Then he took her to his desk in the room, and showed her the wheels. He said, After you strip totally nude, there will be a patron standing here. He will spin this first wheel, and what ever it lands on, will be what you preform next. Then he will spin the second wheel, and that is what he will pay for what the first wheel indicted of that fee, you get 25%. That is how you will get paid. There is no set salary, just what you get from the wheel, and tips. Then he has the option of paying to have you do that, or he can pass to the next one. Once someone agrees, you will take him into the back room, and do that act. If no one wants to pay for you to do that act, you will serve drinks until it is time for your next striptease, and then we start all over again with the wheels. You will work 2 days a week, for 5 hours.

They went back to his office to talk about the job, and once they were sitting, he ask, Do you still want the job? She said, I have a question or two. Do I have the option to say no to any of those tasks? NO, he said. Ok, then do I have the option of accepting, or refusing anyone? Again he said, NO. She thought for a few minutes, and because I had planted her answer in her head, she finally said, After careful thought, I think I am beautiful enough that any man would pay $1000 to fuck me, so yes I will accept the job. When can I start? He said, Here is your contract, please read it before you sign it. It says mostly just what I have told you, and it is a legal document. You will be considered a consultant, and you will pay your own taxes, etc. With out even looking at the document, she signed, and ask again, When can I start?

He looked at his watch, and said, This shift starts in 10 minutes, is that soon enough? She answered, That will be great. Then go out this door and turn left, to the end of the hall. That is the costume room. Maggie will help you pick out some for tonight. By the way, what do you want your stage name to be? Kami thought for a minute, and said, I think that my name is exotic enough, so lets just use Kami. Are you sure? Most of our performers like to have a separate stage name. No, Kami is good enough. Once you are ready, stay in the ready room. There you can hear what the announcer (me) says, and when you hear 'Now for the first time on any stage' go to the marks on the floor behind the curtain. When you here your name, the curtain will rise and the music will start. You will then dance to 2 tunes. At the end of the first one, you must be nude to the waist, and at the end of the second one you must be totally nude. Good luck.

What neither one of them knew, is that I had instructed the manager, to make sure the Price wheel never went above $10 for the first 5 times she danced. After that to let the wheel go where it would.

The first time she danced, the position wheel stopped on pussy, and the price wheel stopped on $0, so she had to fuck the guy and did not get anything for it except a pussy full of cum. The next time it stopped on B. J. and $10, so this time she got $2.50 for giving a blow job. The next time it landed on 2 guys, and again $10. This time she had to take a cock in her pussy and ass at one time, and again got $2.50 for it. She got another B.J. and $1, and she got $.25 for that one. On the fifth time, the wheel landed on ass, and again $1. For her first 5 customers she had a grand total of $8. However on the 6th and final customer for the night, she landed on 2 guys again, but this time she got $100, for which she would get $25. She was a little unhappy though, for the two guys were Huge black men, and their cocks were so big she could not get them in easily. The one in her ass, did finally get his all the way in, but the one in her pussy could only get  of it in.

When they paid her for the evening, she complained about the small amount that she got, and was told, You just had bad luck with the price wheel. Saturday night it might be kinder to you. Also Saturday night if you want, you can work until 2AM. Kami said, All right, I will be back on Saturday. What time do I start then? If you want, you can start at 3PM and work until 2AM. All right I will be here at 3PM on Saturday, she said.

In school, the next day, Kami looked like she was worn out. At cheer practice, she let one of the other girls lead the group, but told them that they had to practice nude. So as they were practicing, I fucked her ass. She again went out for a minute or so, and the girls became alarmed, but I told them that she did it all the time when she got ass fucked. After practice, one of the girls ask, Why did we have to practice nude? Kami, in a really nasty voice said, Because I fucken told you to!! And from now on, all practices except before a game will be in the nude. If you don't like it, then quit. This was to one of her best friends. I could tell that she was starting to act the way she was, and not how she was expected.

I found out that one of her dad's friends was having a bachelor party on Saturday evening, so I put it into his head to move it to the club where Kami was working. And that they should enjoy the back room activities. I made sure to instruct him that his wife and daughter should not know where the party was being held. I also made sure that all of the 18 year old students at school were made aware that there was a new very beautiful dancer in the back room of that strip club.

Kami told her mom that she was going jogging in the park and would be home later, when she left home about 2:30pm, as she started for work. The high school boys and the stag party were to show up about 6PM, so I made sure I was there by 5:30. I found a spot in the shadows where I could see everything, but unless you were almost on top of me, no one would see me. This was going to be fun to watch.

Kami had just finished her routine, and went into the back room with a couple of guys, when both of my groups showed up. The boys got a table as close to the stage as they could, and the stag party was sitting almost next to them. It was about an hour before Kami came out for her next number, and when she did all the guys instantly recognized her and started shouting at her. This alerted her father he had not heard her name when she was announced. He started to get up, and his buddies pulled him down and I gave him a command to cool it for a while. Kami did a very nice dance routine, and was nude waiting for the position wheel to spin, and was trying to see who had been shouting at her. With out realizing what he was doing, he had spun the wheel, and it landed on pussy. They then had him spin the price wheel and it landed on $100. His buddies not knowing it was his daughter, pushed him to her, saying wife will never know. I was now scanning both their minds, and I planted in his head, she wants to work like this, I will take advantage of it and fuck her. In her mind I planted I'll let him fuck me, and then tell mom, where he was when he did it. The fireworks was going to hit the fan and our head cheer leader was going to come up short.

By the time I got to school on Monday, it was all over the school about Kami dancing nude and then fucking her dad, and where it had happened. Kami did not show up at school on Monday. I scanned her mind, and found that her mom had kicked both her and her dad out of the house. She had slept in the car and her dad had slept in the garage. 

Tuesday, Kami was in school, but very subdued. In first period, the intercom came on and told Kami to report to the principal's office immediately. I scanned the people in the principals office, and it was complete chaos. Once she was there, the questions started. Was she or was she not dancing at a strip joint. Yes, she said, almost in tears. Did you strip naked? She answered Yes. Did you or did you not take a man into another room and have vaginal sex with him? Now she was crying and whispered, Yes. The principal said, We did not hear that answer, speak up so we can hear you. Yes she said, louder. Was that man your father? She hung her head and stared at the floor and shook her head yes. Again the principal said, Speak up. She said in a loud voice, Yes, he was. Now the principal ask Why would you do that? She said, Because he was paying for my service, it was just a job to me.

The principal said, Wait in the outer office, we will call you back when we are ready. Once she was outside and the door shut, the principal said, What are we going to do with her? One of the administration said jokingly, We could all just fuck her and forget it. The principal said, a little less humor, and more thinking, please.

One of the females said, We could just suspend her for the rest of the year, and if she wants to come back, she would have to start the senior year over again, but in any case, she must be removed from the cheer leaders position, and the squad. Another teacher said, If we let her stay in school, every boy in this school will be trying to get into her pants, she must be expelled.

After about an hour of debate, they came to the conclusion that she should be expelled, and not permitted to return. A formal letter was written specifying what she had done, and that she had been give a chance to explain her position. The last sentence said, It was the voted 100% by the administration that she is expelled, and cannot ever apply for readmission to this school. It was signed by every member.

Two weeks later, Kami and her dad left town. Her mother stayed and kept the house.

I was now free to again work on my gaining Lynda into my harem.

Continued in Nurse.