Mollie
by Perfect Stranger

Mollie Should Have Swiped Left

Hi Everybody. I have been a long time reader of this or the previous forum. This is my first story. Please leave a comment and I will right some more.

Mollie was a girl that loved to play pranks and humiliate other boys. I understand this website is about humiliation for girls and therefore this story is about how she received her comeuppance.

Mollie was 17 years and a very attractive girl, she was athletic as she was a county swimmer with long blond hair. Her swimming gave her the perfect figure with a cutest pert bum you have ever seen, her boobs were not overly big but no smaller than a handful with a toned stomach any girl or boy would die for. The only thing she had against her was that she was fairly petite which is the main reason her swimming career wouldn't go any higher than county level. She was also doing very well at six form college and had plans to go to university in order to be a teacher.

Mollie loved to tease boys on Tinder especially the ones that used to comment on all the bikini photos she had made available. She called herself the "De-Bikini Girl" and was flooded with messages on a daily basis.

These messages lead very quickly to the guys always suggesting jokingly or otherwise they would love to debikini her, and she would play on this before eventually agreeing to meet up with the selected victim at her local leisure pool. The local leisure pool, has a rapids area shaped like a circle which allowed for half that circle to be hidden from the watching lifeguards and was where the water slides ran over the top of this area for added camouflage.

Mollie had always suggested a race around the rapids, with the loser having to remove their bottoms. Most guys couldn't believe their luck at the bet and prospect of winning, especially given Mollies size, and couldn't believe it when she won, especially as she had not mentioned her swimming ability. Every guy that fell for this scam removed their shorts which she would quickly grabbed off them, then she would always make them flash before throwing their shorts onto the waterslide sitting just above her head which would whisk them off at 30 metres away to the end of the slide. The unsuspecting guy would freeze in shock while she would make an exit of the pool leaving the guy naked in a very awkward predicament. As soon as she hit the changing room, she would block that Tinder profile and carry on with her life.

Her latest victim was a guy called Mike, again just like the rest of her victims he had played into her hands, and had arranged to meet her at the Crystal Leisure Centre. They met outside and instantly hit it off, before going into the changing rooms and meeting in the Jacuzzi end of the leisure pool. Mollie was wearing her cute little black bikini which was very tight on her figure which would make taking her costume off her harder as well as making her look even more hot and attractive.

From there they went down a few slides together and went around all aspect of the pool, Mollie noticed a gang of boys wearing brightly coloured, puffer jackets in the gallery following her every move, at first she just assumed it was because she was really hot, but after a while started to freak her out, then she noticed she remembered one of them. One of the boys in the gallery was a guy called Dean, who shorts she had stolen and thrown onto the slide about a fortnight previously. This made her feel sick, she had humiliated at least 5 or 6 boys now, but the thought of it happening to her scared the living daylife out her. Nobody had seen her naked before and she didn't want her first time to be in front of an audience.

Mollie quickly made her excuses to leave the pool by telling Mike she was popping to the toilet before they had their race. As soon as she hit the changing rooms she got dressed as quickly as she could, without drying herself properly and tried to get out before the boys upstairs where aware of what was going on. As she left the changing room, she could see the automatic door which lead to the exit and thought she had made a lucky escape but with yards from the exit she saw the gang in puffer jackets blocking her way and she darted back into the ladies.

She had no way out, apart from going through the lads, they knew what she looked like, what she was wearing. She was caught like a badger down a hole. She looked around desperately trying to find another exit, even a fire exit would do, but nothing came to sight. Could she get a member of staff to help her, or would she have to admit why the guys were outside waiting for her. As she saw at the moment there was no way out.

Then in the corner of eye she saw something that would help. On the wall was a fire alarm, the kind where you had to break the glass. So Mollie stuffed her jacket into her bag in the hope the lads would not notice her given her top was a different colour, and broke the glass. Alarms started ringing and within a couple of minutes a herd of women were leaving the changing rooms. She tried to blend in as much as she could with the crowd, hoping the group of lads would be looking for a girl in the red jacket she was wearing previously. She couldn't see the lads, but then she did have her head down and eventually made it out of the building.

She started to walk calmly home at a normal pace in the hope this wouldn't give her away, she made it round the corner and believed that once she was across the ring road, she only had to make it across the park and she would be in her home estate, warm and dry. Then her phone made a noise "Ping", she had a Tinder message. It was from Mike saying, "sorry you left sweetheart, I know you forced my friend into showing you his birthday suit, but I wana make you a birthday cake".

Mollie deleted the message very quickly confused as to what that meant, and decided to block Mike as she didn't want to continue this conversation any longer. She quickened her step hoping she would get home quicker. She reached the edge of the park when she heard a large booming voice.

"Well, well, well, what do we have here"

Mollie looked up to be surrounded by the group of guys in puffer jackets, she knew her game was up, she wanted to cry knowing she was going to be stripped. Lucky for her, the jeans and top she had on her were tight and she wasn't going down without a struggle, maybe even cause a scene in the hope someone would save her. She looked around and all she could see was a group of boys maybe 14 or 15 years old playing football in the park, and the odd dog walker in the area, maybe they could save her blushes?

The leader of the group, who has stood infront of Mike began talking to Mollie.

"Love, we are not nasty guys, we wont force you to do anything you don't want to do, I want to make that clear, please don't be scared"

Mollie confused gave a sigh of relief but still wasn't sure what to make of everything, the leader carried on

"you have a choice, you can either own up to the police about your vandalism and setting off the fire alarm, plus the sexual assault of my friend here or you can let us make you a birthday cake"

"... off you creep " replied Mollie "no way am I going to do anything you little fridgets want"

"Are you sure" the leader asked, "You seem a clever girl, how would vandalism and sexual assault look in your chosen profession"

"don't you dare blackmail me" exclaimed Mollie. "You told me you were nice people, blackmailing is wrong"

"We are not blackmailing you, we are giving you a choice" butted in Mike.

"Sod this, whats the number for 999" joked the leader as he reached for his phone and punched the first two digits in.

"ok, ok, ok what do you mean by making me a birthday cake" enquired Mollie at least relieved at it not being a public stripping.

Mike with a smile of his face began "we have ingredients in our bags to make a cake. If you let us pour these on you we can call it quits, no nakedness, no total humiliation this is the deal, we want to make YOU a birthday cake"

Mollie reluctantly agreed and asked if they could go to part of the park covered by trees and the guys agreed and took her deep into the treed area and next to a chain linked fence next to an industrial estate.

Mollie made one last attempt of a reprieve, " this is going to ruin my clothes, people will see me walking home afterwards and I will have no choice but to inform them what has happened which could lead to the Police being called"

"Good point" one of the other lads in the group piped up, who up until now had been mute. "I bet the police will be interested in how we got here also, so unless you can think your way out of this we can begin"

Her only way out was to strip, at least this wouldn't ruin her clothes, how bad would that be, if she went to her underwear it would be no different to the boys seeing her in a bikini. She offered to strip to her underwear, of course the boys agreed.

The leader reminded Mollie she didn't have to strip, she was free to leave at any time, by Mollie ignored him and began to take her t-shirt off. Again she revealed her tanned tight tummy and slightly more of her small cleavage than before but the boys were happy. She undone the top button of her jeans and yanked them down, she almost fell over as she lifted her leg up to step out of them and revealed a tight pair of black French knickers, which made her blush full aware of her humiliation is about to begin.

The leader emptied his bag back, he lay the contents out, first came the eggs, then the flour and finally some treacle.

"Not the hair, not the hair" Mollie begged "Please not the hair, people will know I have been attacked please not the hair"

"good point" said the boy which we previously called mute. " You make a really good point, but whats in it for us? When my friend begged for his shorts, you made him flash, why should we listen to you"

"Remember anything you suggest is your idea, we wont force anything" butted in Dean. "whatever you decide, is up to you"

Mollie looking embarrassed said, "how about my bra" if I lose my bra will you please avoid the hair"

"agreed" the gang of boys said in unison. And with the that Mollie unclasped the back of her bra, took the straps off and let her bra hit the floor. She covered her prized assets with both hands and the boys grabbed an egg each.

Standing in just a small pair of French knickers each of the gang broke an egg on her firm body before emptying a whole packed of flour over her shoulders. She looked like a ghost from the neck down, and the guys stood back to admire their work. Of course her breasts were still covered with her hands but they knew the best was yet to come.

Dean opened the treacle and stood behind Mollie. "Happy birthday" he whispered into her ears as he poured the treacle all over her body. It was sticky and horrible, Mollie wanted to cry but wanted to look strong, she dared not to say a word in the hope it was over and her nakedness would be hidden.

"How am I going to get home like this" Mollie exclaimed, "if I put my clothes on now they will be ruined"
Mollie appeared angry as she felt mislead by the gang, but I don't know why she believed they owed her any favours.

"Remember we are nice people" grinned the leader. "We will save you your blushes and your potential career again. but only if you accept the price for our help" Without a word being said, two of the other guys opened their ruck sacks and emptied out large bottles of waters and a couple of towels.

"I guess you want my knickers don't you" enquired Mollie. "Your a clever girl" said Dean, "but remember you forced me to flash in public, I want you tied to this chained linked fence while we wash you down and we get to see everything, its either that or you ruin these lovely clothes you have here.

Mollie heart sank, she was going to end up naked, she couldn't think of anything quick witted to reply so accepted her fate. The tallest of the gang took her to the chain linked fence, grabbed her hands away from here breasts and cable tied both of her hands in a star position. Her breasts were on full show, and the boys loved it.

Her breasts were so more perky and firm than anyone had expected. It was like she had no need for a bra at all. Her nipples were small and cute while her skin was flawless., or at least the parts they could see which were not covered in treacle.

"Now who is going to have the honours of removing her bottoms" announced the leader of the group.

"I volunteer as tribute" demanded Dean

All the other boys looked at each other, slightly disappointed they didn't saying anything first, but then on seconds thoughts for the sake of payback it had to be Dean.

Dean walked over, placed a hand on the bottom of her neck and drew an imaginary line with his finger down the centre of her body, first inbetween her breasts, followed by her stomach and past her belly button. He then crouched down, put a finger on both sides of the wasteband of her underware and looked at Mollie straight in the eye.

Mollie tried one last time to make a final plee, but unfortunately for her nothing came out. The look in her eye was begging Dean not to strip her final piece of clothing off her in front of this audience. Also unfortunately for Mollie, the smile from Deans face was practically saying 'this is the best thing that's ever happened to me' while the glint in his eye also suggested the best was yet to come.

He pulled down her undies slowly, but in one full motion, she offered no resistance as he unhooked them from off her feet leaving her stark naked, as naked as the day she was born. Then without question the leader took control, he approached Mollie and lifted her up in the air, while the final member of the gang opened her legs and cable tied her ankles to the fence leaving her in a star fish position.

Then the boys admired and were in ore of the view that was before them. Her privates were completely shaved, not a stitch of hair on them, and her vagina was neat and tidy, it was perfect in every way and very beautiful on the eye.

Each of the boys grabbed a bottle of water each, some shower gel was poured all over her body followed by the water. Mollie shrieked and yelped because the water was cold. it trickled down her body and with thanks to the shower gel the boys began to lather her up everywhere, and I mean everywhere.

The boys were getting a good feel of her everywhere, her boobs were getting a good scrub as they caressed each one in turn, giving extra attention to her nipples, and they were hardening by the second.

Another one of the lads was giving her below regions a good seeing too and paying his attention to the crack at the front and at the back.. There was no penetration but every nook and cranny of her most intimate parts were being rubbed and violated. The pressure was starting to build up inside Mollie, a feeling she had not experienced before, but she knew exactly what was happening. Just as she was about to climax, the boys stopped, dried her off completely and once again admired the completely naked Mollie in her full glory.

"Someone looks excited" taunted Mike, and made a strong reference to her visible clitoris. He walked over to her and placed his finger. " I thought people say this is really hard to find, yours is easy" He began to wiggle his finger and within seconds Mollie was overcome with pleasure.

"OMG we have a squirter" exclaimed Mike, as all of Mollies juices covered has hand. He quickly grabbed a towel and then stood back in the line with the rest of the boys.

Mollie hung from the fence, with her head down, looking very embarrassed and sorry for herself, while at the same time feeling horny after her first ever orgasm.

"Ok, cut her down, guys we are even now" ordered the triumphant leader.

"Hang on a minute, hang on a minute" protested Dean. "I had to walk through a swimming pool naked, there were a load of kids, little girls in fact saw me naked, how is what we have done today even?"

"Good point" exclaimed the guy we had previously called mute, turn her around I have an idea. Then the guy who we previously called mute left the wooded area,

"Hang on a minute, hang on a minute" protested Dean. "I had to walk through a swimming pool naked, there were a load of kids, little girls in fact saw me naked, how is what we have done today even?"

"Good point" exclaimed the guy we had previously called mute, turn her around I have an idea. Then the guy who we previously called mute left the wooded area, while the other guys removed Mollies cable ties, turned her around and reapplied the ties, leaving her cute pert bottom full on display. All Mollie could now see was the industrial estate that was next to the fence, she started to worry she would be flashing the whole business but given it was a Saturday she has hoping nobody would be about.

"O My God, she is bloody naked" was the next noise Mollie heard, and it came from a prepubescent voice.
"Id tap that anyday" again from another prepubescent voice.
"No you wont" said Mike coming across defensive, "whats the plan Jason"
The next voice being the mute guy (or Jason as we will now call him) " its only fair that we play a game, just like she did with you Dean, if she looses these boys that we found playing football over there get to see everything, but there is twist, Mollie herself decides if she loses"

"That's a stupid ......." Dean was cut short. "here me out" Jason said as he reached into his bag for one final time and out came a table tennis bat. " each of these young boys get five slaps on her bottom, five lads equals 25 slaps in total. Mollie can decide to give up by begging us to show these young boys her front assets, and when she does she loses"

The first young boy approached

WHACK--- There was no response from Mollie

WHACK- Again no response from Mollie, her mind was focused on the building ahead, trying to block out any pain.

WHACK, WHACK, WHACK in quick succession and she had survived the first boy. He pert backside was a bright shade of red, but she had not moved a muscle or made a sound, maybe she could win?

The second boy was handed the paddle, "this time use this side of the bat" Mike pointing out the rougher side of the paddle to the young lad.

WHACK --- "argggh" exclaimed Mollie, this hurt a lot more now

WHACK--- "arggggghh" Mollie was getting louder

WHACK WHACK WHACK "Argggggggggggghhhhhhh" Mollie was starting to break, a tear rolled down her check, every hit was like slapping sunburn, her confidence was starting to drift.

The 3rd boy as about to strike

WHACK- ARGGGGGGGGGH Shouted Mollie, " I want the boys".. but then she stopped, " I cant.. please stop"

WHACK -- "ok ok ok, I want the boys to see me naked, please please I beg you"

"sorry what was that" one of the young boys asked

Finally broken Mollie repeated " I want the young boys to see everything, please turn me over"

Mollie got her wish,

Mollie was untied, turned around and retied in her start position.

There was a moment of silence as the young boys gazed at the naked beauty that was before them. Mollie felt ashamed and dirty after the events and hung her head in shame. After what seemed like 20 seconds of no activity she raised her head and saw the excitement and amazement on the young boys faces.

"ERRRRRRR she is wetting herself" as one of the young boys broke the silence

Mollies hips were shacking and fluid certainly coming from her private area.

"I think boys you need to learn more about girls before you realise whats happened" Dean commented to the young boys

Mollie had just had a multiple orgasm in front of the whole group, the embarrassment and pleasure at the same time prolonged the orgasm and Mollie was tied to the fence covered in her own juices.

The young boys were told to scram before they received a similar fate and Mollie was released from the fence. She was given her clothes and the group in puffer jackets left to let her get changed in piece and quit.

Mollie started to leave the park as she headed home then she heard a "ping" from her phone.

It was Tinder, she had received a message from a guy called Ben and it read "Hey gorgeous, you look great in bikini would you like to meet up"

Mollie had a decision to make


Mollie Gets Catfished

After her exploits and total humiliation Mollie decided that the best course of action was too not humiliate any boys further given the risk of it happening to her was far too great. She still despite her amazing good looks and perfect petite figure lacked the confidence to talk to boys and decided to continue her online search for Mr Right.

She had spoken to a few boys but nothing really became of it over her reluctance to physically meet them, unfortunately for Mollie these would fizzle out, but for one exception.

This exception was a guy called Daniel. Mollie and Daniel had been in communication for months, which extended well beyond instant messenger as the two used to call each other on a regular basis. Dan was kind, a proper gentleman so to speak and knew how to make Mollie feel good about herself without having to resort to comments about her physical appearance. Mollie really started to open up emotionally to Dan, she would talk about how her Aunty had become really ill and Dan was able to support her through this. Mollie felt she was finally ready to meet Dan when she received a phone call she will never forget.

Ring Ring, Ring Ring

"Hello Mollie Speaking"

"Who the hell do you think you are" shouted the voice from the other end of the phone. "You need to stop messaging and ringing my boyfriend if you know whats good for you"

Mollie struggled to get a word in as the amount of abuse she received was extreme to say the least. Mollie had a fairly thick skin so the abuse didnt really bother her but the line that made her shiver was " if I ever catch up with you, what those boys did to you will be nothing compared to what me and my mates will do".

Dan was the only person Mollie had spoken to about the previous incident so she knew straight away that it was him the caller was referring to. After saying sorry to the caller Mollie put the call down and messaged Dan telling him she never wanted to hear off him again and to never contact her again.

Dan tried for days ringing and texting Mollie which she ignored but after a week he got the message and left her alone. Again this knocked Mollies confidence back even further, but was also glad to get out of the situation before it got even worse.

About a month later Mollie received a phone call from a withheld number which turned out to be Dan. He was crying, he was saying how his own Mother had been diagnosed with a serious illness and only Mollie would be able to understand. Mollie being the kind hearted girl she is took pity and offered a shoulder to cry on, and didn't have the heart to say no when Dan wanted to meet in person. After-all Dan was a rock for her in her time of need, it was only right she repaid the favour. They agreed to meet in the town centre where Mollie lived outside the swimming baths were Mollie trained. Mollie suggested a Tuesday as this was a public swimming session where she used the time as an extra session on top of her normal club sessions.

They had agreed to meet at Seven o clock in the evening which gave Mollie plenty of time for a swim before hand. While she swam it gave her plenty of time to think about the Dan situation when it struck her "what happens if this is a trap". This feeling really unnerved Mollie specially the line around a sick parent, she thought if I was going to set a trap for myself, this is what I would do. Mollie desperate to meet Dan decided she would get out the pool early and wait in the multi story car park which overlooked the entrance to the building the meet was going to take place. If Dan turned up with a gang, she would leave and avoid any further embarrassment.

It was half past six and Mollie was positioned on the top floor of the car park overlooking the meet destination. After about 15 minutes a bus pulled up where a group of three girls and three guys got off and were waiting outside the leisure centre. None of them looked like Dan, so Mollie just assumed he was running late.

With just a couple of minutes before the meet time, still no Dan could be seen and this group of kids aged between 16-19 years old were still there. They were very excitable which got Mollie very suspicious so she decided to ring Dan once and for all.

Ring Ring, Ring Ring,

One of the boys to the group grabbed every ones attention and showed them his phone, it was clearly Dan, or at least the guy she knew was Dan.

"Hi Mollie" said Dan

"Hi Dan, sorry im just running a little late, im just drying my hair. Are you on your own?"


"yeah im on my own, and dont worry I am happy to wait" replied Dan

"what does your girlfriend think about us two seeing each other" asked Mollie

"I dont know" replied Dan

"Well ask her, she is stood right next to you!" exclaimed Mollie as she put the phone down and moved away from the edge of the car park.

Mollie wanting a quick get away ran straight to the lift while Dan and his gang looked around in amazement as to how Mollie could have seen them.

Mollie sprinted for the lift and immediately regretted her choice of attire. She really wanted to show Dan what he was missing by wearing a simple but stylish all in one maxi dress which cut off just below he knee. It was reserved enough to be classy but still showed the world her slender athletic figure and a chance to showoff her toned legs. This did making running difficult, but that didn't stop her from getting into the lift in double quick time.

She entered the lift and this gave her a chance to catch her breath, the adrenaline was pumping through her body as the realisation she has just avoided another humiliation began to hit.

Then the lift stopped at the bottom floor, the doors opened and to Mollies amazement and horror stood Dan, his girlfriend and the rest of is gang.


"O SH!T" exclaimed Mollie,

"Yes Sh!t indeed" ......"Grab her" responded Dans girlfriend.

Then two of the boys, who were almost a foot taller than Mollie grabbed her and pinned her to the back of the lift. The 4th floor was pressed and the lift started to make its way to the highest but one floor of the car park.

"Im sorry, so sorry, please I am so sorry, please please" begged Mollie

"shut up, I warned you about seeing my boyfriend, and you defied me. Now face the consequences"

Mollie continued to beg as the boys led her out of the lift once it had reached the forth floor. Mollie tried to resist and was strong for her size, but each boy grabbed her from under her arms and lifted her clean off the floor. Mollie was kicking trying to get away but in the end her efforts her pointless.

Then the group stopped walking and Mollie faced her capture. She was facing her tormentor in silence. Part of it was because her legs were tired from all her struggling, and secondly hoped for some kind of mercy if she didn't fight.

Dans girlfriend bent down and started to remove Mollies pumps. Mollies bear feet became exposed and Mollie was preparing herself for the worse. The girl grabbed Mollies feet and started to feel Mollies legs. She teased Mollie until she reached her knees. Then she reached the bottom of her dress and began to lift.

First Mollies light blue thong came into view, they left very little to the imagination and were matched with cheers of delight from the crowd. The dress kept rising, soon Mollies toned stomach came into view when she realised her dress was going to come off.

She looked at the group, everyone appeared to be enjoying themselves, all apart from one person. Dan wasn't smiling, he wasn't egging them on. He mouthed the words "Im sorry" to Mollie. I think deep down Dan had fallen for Mollie, the two had shared so much between them despite never meeting, and the fact Mollie was who she said she was made Dan instantly regret what was going to happen.

By now the dress had reached to mollies bra. The 2nd cheer roared as Mollies arms we raised high as the gang completely lifted the dress of Mollies body. In the process Mollie was dropped to floor. Her feet immediately felt the cold tarmac of the car park, and then immediately the gang approached Mollie like a pack of wolfs. Mollie tried to protect herself in the fetal position in a really feeble attempt to stop this situation getting any worse.

Mollie rolled around as she felt hands go everywhere, again she put up a good fight for 15 to 20 seconds but once her bra was unclipped she knew she was just prolonging the inevitable rather than preventing it.

Mollie crossed her arms and held them around her waste. Her hands clamped around either side of her thong preventing the gang from taking that, while her arms being crossed prevented her from losing her bra. Then she felt some hands on her shoulders as she felt her straps getting lowered. They came down to her elbows when her breasts were exposed for the first time.

The crowed cheers seeing Mollies nipples, one of the girls started to grope her breasts in an attempt for Mollie to uncross her hands. It worked, as Mollie was being groped her reflex was to uncross her arms and defend herself. This gave the gang the opportunity to snatch her bra further down her arms and off, leaving poor Mollie in just her light blue thong.

Dans girlfriend held Mollies bra up like a trophy, while Mollie lay there back in the fetal position, with both of her hands clamped around the sides of her thong. The gang tried to pull them down, but Mollie was strong and determined not to end up naked. Then one of the taller and older boys, started to unclamp Mollies fingers one by one, She was holding on for dear life, but first her little finger was released, followed by her middle finger. Mollie pleaded further not to be stripped bare bottom naked, but her requests were ignored, Eventually one hand as freed and pulled above her head.

Then one of the other lads started an identical job on her other hand. Once again once two more fingers were prised apart, Dans girl friend had an easy job of yanking down her thong. She pulled them straight down to Mollies ankles, but Mollie hadn't given up yet.

Mollie pulled her legs as wide as she could, she knew this would expose her most intimate parts, but also make her thong very tight against her ankles making it harder to get them off. She thought if she could prevent the gang from stripping her bear bottom naked that would be some kind of moral victory.

It worked initially, but then Dans girl friend just re-positioned herself, sitting on Mollies knees as she lay on the ground. First her right leg was moved from out of the thong, then almost instantly Mollie felt some metal over her wrists. She was handcuffed with her arms in the air, and this slight distraction made removing her thong completely very easy work.

Mollie was naked again, and the boys helped her to her feet, she was walked backwards about 10 metres to the centre of the car park where there was a plastic chain linked fence. A loop was put through her handcuffs and the fence so Mollie couldn't get away. She was stood on her very tip toes, hands handcuffed pointing to the sky with everything on show.

The gang looked in amazement as to how gorgeous Mollie looked without her clothes on. Mollie continued to beg for mercy while Dans girlfriend decided what to do next.

She commanded Dan to come forward, who reluctantly obliged. She told him to give her an Australian kiss. Mollie didn't know what this was, but Dan did. He said "no way" but he was threatened with a similar fate to Mollie so he started to approach the young naked girl.

He knelt down right next to her, put his arm around her waist and started to kiss her stomach. He slowly started to get lower and lower until he started to lick her vagina. The air was cold, Mollie had goose-pimples all over, but Dans warm and wet mouth was starting to warm her up.

Within a matter of moments Mollie started to grown, Dan knew exactly what he was doing and Mollie was feeling a kind of sensation she had never felt before on this scale.

"Don't you dare cum missy" barked Dans girlfriend , "if you cum without my permission this situation is only going to get much worse for you"

Dan continued and Mollies groans grew louder, after a couple more minutes Mollie started to beg again, only for her requests to cum being denied.

Then in desperation, Mollie shouted "Please, please, I cant hold it anymore, theirs nothing I can do"

STOOOOOP demanded Dans girlfriend, and the kiss ended instantly. Mollie had been taken to heaven but denied entry at the gates at the very last moment. Mollie was panting heavily and not really aware of her surroundings for a moment, but when she was finally able to focus she could see one of the gang taking full frontal photos of Mollie.

"turn her around, I wana get one of her ass" cheekily demanded one of the other girls in the gang. Mollie was spun around and again just stood still while more photos of her naked, this time from behind were being taken.

Then Dans girlfriend dropped a bombshell.

"Mollie we are going to leave you here like this, but I am going to allow you to decide how this ends. Im going to leave the handcuff keys over here, but your going to ring a friend, who will see you in this state and help you home"

Mollie still in a state of fright, couldn't muster a reply. One of the girls went into Mollies bag pulled out her phone and asked who she wanted to call.

"theres a pin, you cant access my phone" stuttered Mollie

"Pin Missy" retorted Dans girlfriend
.
"Not a chance" replied Mollie with a hint of courage.

"fine, some tramp or druggie is going to have a field day when he finds you, I hope he likes his women cold, as its gonna be a cold night" joked Dans girlfriend

"ok 2511, call Laura Hill"

Mollie got her wish, Mollie explained to Laura what had happened while the mobile was held up to her mouth so she could speak. Laura said she would be there in 20 minutes and promised to be discreet.

The phone call ended but the whole gang were huddled around Mollies phone and laughing, well almost everyone, Dan was looking at disbelief at what his girlfriend was doing. His girlfriend was shouting out-loud social media sites every ten seconds or so. She had transferred the naked pictures of Mollie to Mollies phone and sharing them under all of her profiles.

"Facebook"

"Instagram"

"Twitter"

"Snapchat"

While this was going on, one of the lads had gone away unnoticed and came back with a shopping trolley which had been left in the car park.

"are you thinking what im thinking" as the whole group nodded at each other, all being on the same wave length.

The gang crowded around Mollie and the trolley. Untied the loop that was connecting her to the fence, picked her up and placed her inside the shopping trolley. Then out came some bike chains which we used to connect Mollies handcuffs to the rail, her bottom was placed at the bottom of the trolley and he legs raised and separated and chained to the other end of the trolley.

Mollies shaved privates were completely on show, and offered one final opportunity for a photo which was then added to the collection on social media. Mollie struggled to get free, but for her efforts she got no where. Then as one final piece of humiliation Dans girlfriend inserted Mollies phone into her vagina resting against her clit. By now people had started to see her photos, and with every comment, like or screenshot, her phone began to vibrate.

Her phone was vibrating at an incredible rate, it was like a vibrator on its constant setting. Mollie was getting aroused almost instantly, after being taken to the brink of orgasm only a few minutes previously. Plus the thought of very vibration being a new comment or like tipped Mollie over the edge. She came several times before her Laura arrived and was shattered by the time of her friends arrival.

Laura rushed to her friends aid, and immediately removed the phone from Mollies intimate area. She looked at the phone well aware of what had happened. Mollie gave her the password to unlock the phone but it wouldn't work. Dans girlfriend had changed the password making it impossible to take the photos down. The phone was still vibrating, it was reading at 100+ notifications. Laura instantly went to the keys that had been left to free Mollie. Laura was trying every lock with every key to no success, after 15 minutes it was obvious that none of these keys worked. Mollie was sticky, Laura went to her car to get some baby wipes to help Mollie feel more comfortable. It was so humiliating to have her friend clean up her juices, it felt like being a baby, but Mollie appreciated it once she was clean again.

After a long discussion the girls decided they needed to call 999 in order to end this predicament. Laura explained what had happened and the dispatcher told her help would be there immediately, especially due to the fact Mollie had been naked in the cold for a while now. Laura continued to fiddle with the locks until the flash of blue lights lit up the car park.

The fire brigade had arrived, to save any shred of dignity Mollie had left, Laura removed her own bra and placed this on Mollie. The bra was way too big for Mollie, and if you got close to Mollie at the right angle you could see her breasts anyway, but Mollie felt less exposed like this. Also Laura had removed her jogging bottoms and placed them over Mollies privates to hide these from the emergency services.

The fire men got out the truck and approached the girls, Mollie couldn't believe her luck, the fire men were all good looking and she wanted to die knowing her exposure was opening up to another group of people. By now the Police had arrived and Laura was giving them the details of what had happened. The wide-eyed firemen were as professional as they could be in this situation as they set to work on the chains with the bolt cutters. Her legs were freed one by one followed by her hands. Mollie was so cold and weak she needed the assistance of two of the firemen in order to get out of the trolley. As she was lifted the jogging bottoms fell down and she flashed once more to everybody in sight.

Mollie was wrapped up in the blanket that came from the ambulance that had arrived (even more to witness) and she was taken to the local police station to give a statement what had happened.

Mollie was mortified that practically everybody she had ever met had now seen her completely naked on social media and she was sure that her life was ruined. Also the Police we never able to catch Dan or his friends due to the phones never being registered in anybodies name.

A couple of days later, after all the photos had been removed, Mollie got a message on her online dating site. It was from a profile called Fireman Sam and it read "Hi Mollie I have a feeling that I came out to help you the other day, and I have not been able to stop thinking about it, please tell me your OK.

Mollie had a decision to make.........


Mollie Should Have Stayed Home

Mollie was absolutely devastated that everybody she knew, had ever met, and even people she had not yet met had seen her so vulnerable and completely naked. Having her friends, family, team mates and even mere acquaintances being able to access those photos at any time was very difficult to handle.

It was decided in conjunction between her school and her family, that going back to 6th form straight away to deal with all the attention was not in her best interests. It was decided that Mollie would join the student exchange to Germany where she could stay with the same German family that her friend Laura was stopping at. It was the same Laura that came to her rescue in the car park, so she knew how much Mollie needed cheering up. Mollie had taken German at GCSE so she knew enough to get by, but Laura was there to help her if needed.

The first week of the two week exchange went without a blip and gave Mollie a chance to forget about her troubles back in England. That weekend a group of boys and girls, some German an some English had arranged a fun trip to the local waterpark. Mollie still feeling really body conscience and to the disappointment to the boys in the group, wore one of her one piece swimming costumes which she used to train in back home. All the other girls were in bikinis, but this didnt stop all the boys for gazing at Mollie, envious and wanting to see more.

Mollies figure was sublime, her toned petite figure wasnt just grabbing the attention of the students, but of anybody in the pool. Her pert bottom being the desire of their affection and wanting to see all of her properly. The pool wasnt as busy as she was expecting given it was the weekend. In fact given she was in Germany, it was strange how most of the men in the pool appeared to be not from Germany at all. They spoke in a language that was not known to any of the group, but if you had to guess you would have said there was a mixture of African and middle eastern men in the pool .

The group of six students saw that there was no queue for the main slide which translated from German was called "The Screamer". The slide started off fairly slowly where the slide was only half a tube, giving you the opportunity to look over the whole pool if you wished, then it began to speed up before eventually becoming an enclosed tube to make it safe for the high speed finish. There were speakers which let out human screams every so often which hence gave the slide its name.

So the group climbed the stairs to the top of the slide and as expected there was no queue. Pretty much immediately they were joined in the queue by three middle eastern men in the queue, which seemed odd as up until now nobody else had shown an interest to the slide. The one gave a nod to the lifeguard, which at the time didnt seem important or weird at all. Just before the first boy went down the slide the lifeguard went up to these three men and put a rope across the railing behind the men, as if to close the slide once they have had their turn.

Then the lifeguard returned to the top of the slide, and gave his permission for each student to begin the ride. Mollie was at the back of the group of students as she was the most nervous, but she was more nervous about chickening out and was going nowhere. Just as Laura had gone down the slide and waved to Mollie before going out of sight, the three middle eastern men pushed passed Mollie in the queue and went down all together. Mollie protested to the lifeguard, and either he didn't understand her or simply he didn't care.

It was now Mollies turn, she sat down and pushed herself slowly. In all honesty it was too slow but the slide began to pick up speed, she then turned the final corner before the slide became very fast and before the slide turned into a full tube.

BANG---------- Mollie crashed into the three middle eastern men who blocked her way. The one was spread horizontal acting as a barrier to stop their decent any further. The other two grabbed at Mollie. They pulled the front of her costume down to expose her soft perky breasts, they gave her a wedgy to expose her cute toned bum cheeks.

Mollie attempted to scream, but the water from the slide was hitting her in the face, it was like being water boarded and molested at the same time, any sound she did make would get lost in the screams that the slide itself made. She pinned down on her front as one of the men started to undo the zip of her costume at the back. It came all the way down to just above her bum. Her toned perfectly formed back was on show once more. Her straps were lowered with ease and pulled below her arms.

Mollie was flipped over, and her breasts exposed. The water although not cold had made her nipples hard and pointy and they now faced the men directly. Her costume continued to be pulled down, past her hips and knees and rested at her ankles. Once again her naked body was exposed to all around her, it was just Mollies luck all around her only mounted to three people.

Mollie was pinned to the floor with her costume around her ankles, she looked up and saw one of the men had dropped his shorts and was sporting a huge erection. OMG Mollie thought, im going to get raped, right here, right now.

And with that thought and as the man approached Mollie through one last dice and decided to fight with all of her might. She swung with her leg at the mans knee who was stood over her, in the process this meant her leg was free from the costume, but it was worth it, the man came crashing down and took his two mates with him, all three of them entered the tube part of the slide, which was also the point of no return.

Mollie grabbed the side of the slide, as it this point it wasnt a full tube and she hung on for dear life. As normal lady luck wasnt on Mollie side. One of the jets to help speed up the rider on the tube part of the slide was positioned right by her feet.

She could feel her costume moving past her heal and down her foot. Once the costume was gone, thats it, she is naked once again and only a matter of time before exposure to another large group. The jets were powerful, Mollie wasnt strong enough at this stage to pull herself back up the slide, so she slid a little closer to the point of no return and the jet away from here feet. The only problem was once she came to a standstill again, the powerful jet was pumping water straight onto her vagina.

The vibrations were powerful, more powerful than any vibrator on the underground market let alone Amazon. There wasnt anytime for Mollie to get horny, she came in seconds. It was only the adrenaline of the situation that kept Mollies mind on the task at hand, but again within another few seconds she came again. She tried to shake her hips and bottom, any attempt to escape these vibrations. It must have been a great site to see her bottom jiggling around trying to stop or delay this torment then Mollie had the realisation her costume had slipped to her toes. She was now millimetres from losing her costume, this was the 2nd adrenaline show Mollie needed.

She inverted her wrists to allow herself to hold onto the slide with her back facing the jet, and with another equal show of physical strength.she raised her leg, pushed her costume against the wall and dragged it towards her hand. Her legs were spread eagled in the process, but again lucky Mollie was on her own. As Mollie let go of the slide with one hand to gain control of her costume, she didnt have the strength in the other hand to hold her weight as she began a descent to the point of no return.

With less than a millisecond to spare, she gained control of her costume and grabbed the side with her hand. Mollie exhausted at the exact point where the slide became a tube managed to position herself horizontally just like one of the men earlier and hung her costume over the edge of the side so she could rest.

Molly was panting loudly, she was even harrowing as she was recovering from the several orgasms she had received in quick succession. She lay there naked while she caught her breath and composure before she had the energy or strength to reapply her swimming costume.

BANG--- Mollie was awaken from her daze.

The ride had re opened and the first rider as a rather large man in his early to mid 40s crashed straight in Mollie. Mollie fell straight on top of him and in the worse position imaginable. Her face was buried in his groin while she was sat on his face, It is the perfect 69 postion, it was just a shame this was not the time, or the place, and certainly not the person for it. She cling to his leg as they continued there slide until they hit the bottom.

SPLASH

The ride had reached its conclusion and Mollie was scared to get up. She had everyright to be, there she was stark naked, sitting on a mans face who was twice her age infront of a swimming pool full of people.

Right at the front of the crowd was another big person. It was the wife of the man who had crashed into her. When I say she was big, I mean she was massive, she was built like a typical female German shotputter, Her hands were like saucepans and arms like tree tree trunks, she was certainly not a women to mess with.

When the realisation hit her, that it was her husband that the naked girl was sitting on, she stormed over. The water rippled like it did in the famous Jurassic Park scene and at this point Mollie would rather have been swallowed by a T-Rex than what happened next.

The women picked Mollie up by her hair, the pain was immense and Mollie used both hands to try and reduce this pain, this left all aspects of her naked body on show for everybody to see.

Mollie was marched to a plastic table that was on the side of the water and what happened next had everybody in disbelief. Mollie was bent over the table and given the spanking of anybodies lifetime.

Each powerful blow from each saucepan made even the bystanders flinch. Her whole hand wasnt much bigger than Mollies whole backside and each blow was brutal.

Bang......... bang....... bang..... Mollie was crying, tears down her face, shouting, pleading for it to stop, but nobody moved, everyone was in complete shock.

Bang.... bang..... bang... it continued

Mollies bottom got a complete beating and you could say her bottom was "well done", but judging by the pale of red it had become you could easily of said it was "medium rare".

Eventually a couple of lifeguard broke rank and broke up the beating. Mollie collapsed on the floor, arms and legs shacking, she couldnt move.

Mollie lay in shame, naked curled up in a bowl, with her pink bottom facing the crowd, she lay there crying. She tried to listen for help, but all she could hear was German, and unfortunately for her known of those words would have been included in her GCSE syllabus.

Two of Mollies English class mates finally approached her, picked the petite girl up from under her arm pits to take her away from the crowd and her quickly followed by a couple of lifeguards.

She was put in a room while the lifeguards collected her belongings from her locker to allow her to get changed. They translated for Mollie as the swimming pool manager explained the embarrassment of young girls was a problem at the pool which they were trying to rectify .

Once Mollie was changed, she still struggled to sit down, it might be a few days until the pin would go away, was asked if she wanted the Police involved.

Once again Mollie had a decision to make...……. Would the German Police be any better than the English Police that had let her down previously???


 
