Sometimes collage can be so boring, isn't it? Especially in my city
of Pune, in India. So no wonder, one Monday, instead of landing on
the collage campus, I parked my bike in the nearby multiplex parking
lot. It seemed rather crowded than usual. I soon found out, there was
a film festival going on and discount passes were being given away.

I kept my eyes open for any hot girl nearby. There were many, but all
accompanied by their bulging boyfriends. I still kept my options
open. I winked at some girl every now and then, hoping she would
respond and come to me. But that didn't happen. I took the long queue
to get the discount tickets though I really didn't care about them.
All I wanted was to get my hands upon some girl.

The line was incredibly crowded and stuffy with people pushing for
all sides trying to get in. I was completely sandwiched between the
person behind and infront of me in the line.

I was cursing the uncomfortable situation, when I noticed that the
person infront of me was a woman. I say woman, not girl because she
was clearly older than me. She had her hair tucked away in a big bun
behind her head. The fact that I didn't notice her before was because
she was very short. I being 5' 10'', she was at least 8'' shorter
than me. I couldn't see her face at all, but I saw her skin on the
shoulder was very fair. She was wearing salwar kameez (traditional
Indian dress: long shirt and loose trousers). Her hair smelt of
coconut oil. I felt a stream of blood gushing in between my tight
jeans. That day I wore no underwear; I do that sometimes, it's like a
dirty challenge with myself.

I wondered, "should I do it?", "was this middle aged woman worth--
well quite frankly, worth fucking?" The growing bulge in my pants
answered my question.

Ever so slowly, I pushed my body forward. My thighs brushed against
her butt cheeks. I was sure she didn't notice for she didn't respond
to it. Moreover because of the crowd and the pushing all around, it
didn't seem unnatural at all.

I gently pushed her again, my chest connected with her shoulders, my
chin brushing against her hair. I took a deep smell of her head. It
has been my fetish since very early in childhood. Long silky hair has
always been a major turn on for me. I felt my cock fully erect inside
my pants. With no underwear, it made a tent like impression, bulging
out from my tight jeans. I was anxious someone would see it. But in
the crowd no one cared.

I became bolder. I ran my quivering forefinger, ever so slowly and
smoothly over the woman's ass, the tip of my finger just touching the
crack of her butt. Even with our clothes on, I felt raw heat
radiating from her body. I rubbed my pelvis forward into her back. I
lowered my knees so that the bulge of my pants rested upon the crack
of her hips. I thought I heard a sharp intake of breath. I realized
she must have been aware of my actions.

I was terrified for a second but elated at the same time. She had not
turned around and slapped me, so she must have enjoyed the little
push. But I was not sure; she had not made any moves herself. By now
my cock was fully hard and throbbing with anticipation. I was sure
she couldn't have missed that, yet she was playing ignorant. I had to
take my chance, it was now or never.

I slipped my right hand across her waist and pulled her into me. My
heart stopped for a instant. This was the moment. I knew next, I
would either be arrested or I would hit the jackpot. She slowly put
her right hand over mine and pressed it hard. I knew I had hit the
jackpot. I pushed my pants deep into her buttocks and heard her give
out a silent moan.

She responded this time. She pushed her ass back, somehow parting her
ass cheeks so that the bulge in my pant would slide into the valley
between. She then squirmed her hips and pushed back hard into me. It
was my turn to moan as I exhaled hot breath into her ear. I felt her
ass cheeks twitch and kind of engulf my cock between them. This was
all with two layer of clothing in-between. I shuddered to think what
would happen without them. She still held my hand, moved upwards and
landed it on her boobs.

I couldn't stand straight. I panted for air in her ears and withdrew
my hands. I knew I had crossed the level of public decency. I glanced
around, no one looked back. Relieved, I tried to think logically.

What could I do next?

Should I ask her to come with me somewhere?

But where?

I couldn't go back home. My mother was there. I couldn't go to any
friend's place to have sex. Where would I take her? It seemed
unbelievable that I hadn't even seen the face of the incredible woman
who stood infront of me.

Sensing my hesitation, she whispered from infront,

"what happened, don't you want me anymore?"

I said, "lets go somewhere quiet, where do you want to go."

By now, we had progressed to the front of the queue.

She said, "we have waited so long, lets first see the movie."

She herself bought two tickets, held my hand, pulled me out of the
line and led me to the entrance of the theatre. All this- without
once looking at me. It was less crowded where we reached. I couldn't
hold back any longer. I held her by her shoulders and turned her
around. Our eyes met for the first time.

My body went cold. I surely felt my heart stop.

The woman who stood infront of me was my aunt. My mother's own
younger sister.

My mouth was dry, I wanted to run away but my legs had turned to
jelly. My dear aunt Rina was there, standing with a stern face. She
was one of our closest relatives, and my mother's best friend as
well. I knew I was doomed.

She was a divorcee and had only last year separated from her
alcoholic husband. She now worked as a junior engineer for a leading
software company's regional office in Calcutta.

I shivered when I remembered how strict and stern she was and what
would happen when she tells this to my mom!

She blurted out in exclamation, "Rahul!!!"(my name).

I stuttered, "M-M-MM-Mashi."(aunt)

We stood there facing each other for what seemed like hours. Finally
I mustered enough courage to say, "M-Mashi, I I am soo s-sorry."

"You are sorry, you pervert bastard!", she whispered, "you are
sorry!, that's all you can say."

"I am s-sorry", I repeated, "I didn't know it was you mashi."

"Really, you didn't know, so this is how you treat unknown women in
the streets."

"I am soo sorry mashi, you are not going to tell mom, are you?", I
asked, "she would kill me if she knew."

She didn't reply, I stooped my head low and stood silently and
stupidly infront of her. She silence, made me look up. She was
smiling mischievously. I brightened up a little bit. I said, "so you
are not going to tell her."

She said, "it depends, what you are willing to do to make up for it."

I was confused. What did she want me to do?

The locked theatre door opened, and mashi took my hand and led me
through it. As this was special screening, the tickets were not
marked. So there was a mad rush of people to aquire the front seats.
Mashi led my hand and we took the cornermost seats in the very last
row.

I sat there puzzled, I was still not sure what was in store for me.

I sat there like a statue, mashi beside me. Then the lights went out.

Incredibly, given the crowd outside, not many people had come in for
this show. Most occupied the front rows. Therefore by the start of
the movie, we were practically seated in complete isolation.

I still couldn't relax my body or mind. Mashi was still holding my
hand.

Feeling my tensed state, she finally whispered in my ear, "relax, I
am not going to tell your mother. Just enjoy the movie and later we
will enjoy ourselves."

I couldn't fully understand what she meant. "Enjoy ourselves! How?"

The movie started. DISCLOSURE. It was an adult movie and soon the air
was filled with whistles and wolfcalls. I couldn't concertrate on the
movie. Mashi pressed my hand and rested it on her thigh. She rubbed
my hand. She moved her head closer and whispered in my ear, "do you
like it?", and she softly bit my earlobe.

I couldnot believe it. My own dear aunt was holding my hand and
rubbing it to her thigh. She was trying to seduce me.

Slowly my hand found its own strength. I rubbed and massaged her soft
thighs, slowly and slowly moving toward her pussy. I slipped my
fingers inside her salwar and slowly probed her forbidden treasure.

"Ugggghhh... that tickles, your hand is so cold", she moaned in my
ear. I was shocked she was not wearing any panties. My innocent
looking respectable aunt was wearing no underwear in a public place
and moreover she was already wet. The area of her cotton salwar in
fromt of her pussy was moist with her juices.

I rubbed and pulled her moist pussy lips apart. I slipped two fingers
deep inside, quite suddenly and violently. She jerked in her seat
arching backwards and letting out an audible gasp of pleasure. I
glanced around in darkness to see if anyone had heard. Thankfully
Demi Moore was keeping them company. I meanwhile had my sexy aunt
Rina in my hand.

I pulled my fingers in and out of her cunt. They were becoming more
and more wet by the second. Mashi grabbed my hand with both her hands
and pushed it further. I pulled out my fingers and pressed her
clitoris with my forefinger and thumb. I rolled them with my fingers
and pulled them hard. Mashi put her own hand in her mouth to muffle
her scream. I manipulated her hard, swollen, protruding clitoris like
a little chewing gum.

Mashi was panting and I watched the lustful expression in her face
through the light of the screen. Her cunt was giving juices like a
leaking tap now. I knew she was reaching her orgasm.

I reinserted my two fingers in her pussy and pulled and pushed and
rolled them around. My other hand had involantaruly reached her
breasts and it sqeezed them with all its might. Mashi pressed her
hands and rubbed them herself, each cupping one breast and sqeezing
them through her dress.

Meanwhile my fingers beneath played music with her cunt as it
approached a fever pitch. She screamed and arched back high in the
chair, her body becoming rigid and shaky. Ripple after ripple of
lustful delight swept across her body and in my hand her pussy opened
like a floodgate.

I never knew a woman could cum so much. I saw my hand was completely
drenched in slimy cum as I took them out. She collapsed on her seat
breathless and strenghless. I was sure somebody had heared her
scream, but luckly Demi Moore reached her orgasm at the same time in
the movie and that took care of the public.

I smelt my fingers. They had a smell I never knew existed. I took out
my tongue and licked my hands clean. I had never tasted a woman's cum
before. I must admit it was divine. It was sweet and salty and tangy
at the same time.

My rock hard cock was throbbing very painfully inside my jeans. A wet
spot of precum was clearly glistening in the dim light. I knew it
needed immediate attention.

As if reading my mind, I felt a hand sliding over my waist and
fumbling for my zipper. It opened them and my cock free from its
restraints sprang to life, all thick, tall and glorious. What a
coincidence- we were both out of underwear! My tip was dripping in
precum.

Mashi wrapped her fingers around and squeezed it. First gently then
harder and harder until I almost stood up in pain. She relaxed her
grip then started rubbing the shaft in an up and down motion. It was
heaven. It was unlike anything I had ever dreamed of. And the fun was
just getting started.

Mashi lowered and lowered her head to my side until I felt her wet
lip engulfing the bulbous head of my penis. I exhaled in ecstasy. I
was shaking with feverish anticipation. My own aunt was giving me my
first blowjob.

I ran my idle hands over her smooth shoulders. My hands trembled as
they caressed her neck, her back. I pushed her head down further and
my cock entered the warm glorious depths of her mouth. She moved her
head up and down in slow strokes, her left hand still holding the
base of my cock and the right one cupping, sqeezing and teasing my
balls. She moved and rolled her mouth in every possible direction
like an expert. Her tongue ran the length of my entire organ making
long sticky slurpy sounds. It was such a turn on!

Meanwhile I massaged her shoulders with both hands in the exact
manner Michael Douglas was doing to Demi Moore in the movie. I
lowered my face to her head and nervously pulled the hair clip that
kept her beautiful bun together.

It loosened and her long lustrous silky hair fell open in my hands
and on her back. It was like in one of those shampoo ads. It was a
sight to treasure! I ran my fingers all over those rich silken curls
till I reached her scalp. I brought my face down and kissed her head
and hair. I inhaled deeply treasuring the distinct, sexual, arousing
fragrance. I licked and played with her hair like a hungry beast.

Then I felt mashi suck. She held my cock like an ice-cream cone and
sucked hard sealing her lips over the head. I don't know how she
knew, but the next moment, I felt the storm breaking out in my balls.
It ran the length of my cock and came flooding from the tip. Glob
after glob of hot thick semen came boiling out. And not a drop was
wasted. She sucked and sucked greedily and shamelessly till I was dry
like an ice-cream stick. I collapsed on top of her; she in my lap and
I hugged her tight from behind and rested. My heavy breathing slowly
became normal.

Only a few minutes later, the intermission started. I hurredly pulled
back my still opened fly and tried to look innocent as people passed
by us. Mashi too straightened her clothes. That was when I saw her
properly for the first time. Her lips were still wet and seductively
parted. With her hair all loosened and ruffed, she looked like a sex
goddess. I saw men cast glances at her as they passed.

I suggested we get out as well. All the while mashi kept broadly
beaming at me, and I couldn't help smiling myself. We decided to bunk
the rest of the movie and went to Pizza Hut in Cammac street for
lunch.

We sat at opposite ends of the table, holding hands and sharing the
same pizza. All the while, mashi kept massaging and rubbing my feet
with her's under the table. By the time we left, my cock was already
aching for a second serving.

She sat pillion on my bike as we raced through the streets to reach
her apartment in Gariahat. During the ride, she pressed her body
tight against mine. Her hands hovered arounded my stomach and thighs.
I could feel her boobs sticking to my back. I felt distracted and
wobbly on the bike. My mind was buzzing in anticipation and
excitement. Luckly the roads were not that crowded.

We reached mashi's apartment some twenty minutes later. I watched as
she walked infront to open the door. Her lovely wide ass swayed left
and right as she walked and my head swayed in tune to it. I
understood how nervous and excited she was as well when she fumbled
to put the key into the lock. Finally I opened it for her and we went
inside. I had been there many times before but never had I imagined
that one day I would go there for the purpose as I did that day.

As soon as she had locked the door from inside, I grabbed her
roughly, pushing my swollen erection between her thighs and trying to
kiss her. But she struggled and freed herself. She scolded me in mock
anger, "Keep your dirty hands off me mister, what do you think you
are doing. Go wait in the bedroom, your aunty would be there in a
moment."

I smiled and went to the bedroom. My mind was racing. How incredible
the day had turned out to be. A few hours earlier I was worrying
about being flogged by my mother. Now I just imagined what was in
store for me ahead.

I was about to fuck my own aunt. My own innocent looking aunty. I
never had any particular sexual attraction towards my aunt before. I
was only vaguely aware, what a stunningly beautiful woman she was.
She was thirtysix but could put any of those so-called sexy girls of
my collage to shame. She had a small frame, big soft firm breasts,
tiny curved waist and wide hips. She face was exquisite and her
complextion milky pink.

I laughed at the fate of the moron who had divorced her.

But what I found most arousing in her was her hip length, jet black,
silky curvy locks.

I remembered when I was not even five, I loved to play with lustrous
silky hair. I didn't know why but my tiny pee pee went hard in doing
so. I engaged my mother, our maid, my aunt in innocent child's play.
Later I thought it was an illness and I showed my mom my erect pee
pee. She said it was a normal thing to happen. Ofcourse years later,
I knew otherwise.

I shook out of my thoughts when mashi called me from the kitchen, if
I wanted to have a drink. I said ok.

I wanted to surprise her, so I quickly stepped out of my jeans and
pulled open my T-shirt. I waited in the bed butt naked. Finally I
heard footsteps and saw her emerge at the door. She had let her hair
completely down and it ran down all over her back and front. She had
stripped off her salwar (loose trousers) but still wore the same
green kameez (long shirt). I knew she was completely bare underneath.
I licked my lips as I saw her smooth honeylike legs approaching. She
let out a loud gasp seeing my condition.

"My my, anxious are we?", she teased.

She smiled broadly as she came closer. She handled me a glass of soda
and revealed a tube of Vaseline from her other hand. She
mischieviously waved it infront of my face and put it on the side
table. I quickly gulped down the drink and almost choked myself in
the effort.

Mashi laughed and lovingly stroked my face with her hands. I held her
by the waist and pulled her down in the bed beside me. She stroked my
bare chest while I watched her face in awe. She was so beautiful. The
skin of her face; so bright and tight with just the hint of a few
creases below her eyes which I blamed on the continuous use of
computers.

I said, "mashi, I must tell you something."

"What?"

"You have to promise you wont laugh."

"Ok ok, I wont."

I drew closer and almost whispered, "I am a virgin."

"WHAT---", she shouted, almost reeling in laughter.

"You promised", I protested.

"Ok, but this is incredible", she said, "my twenty year old super
horny nephew-a virgin!!! Ha."

"I am nineteen", I said.

"Still, I know how horny you are, how you pushed me with that thing
of yours in broad daylight."

"But mashi", I replied, "you pushed me back too!"

We both burst out laughing.

"I know", she said, "infact I saw you entering the compound and I
thought I would surprise you. So I quietly got infront of you in the
line. It's been so long since I last saw you and I thought we would
exchange pleasantries. But when you unknowingly started pushing me
from behind, I realized you had other plans.

You know, since I got rid of that bastard, it's been so lonely. So
when I felt that thing of yours throbbing behind me, I knew I needed
you today. Oh Rahul, you have grown into such a handsome young man,
do you still love your old mashi?"

I put my fingers on her lips and said,

"don't joke mashi, you are the loveliest woman I have ever known and
you always will be.

You know, I have masturbated almost everyday since I was fourteen or
fifteen. I have constantly fantacised about sex. I ached for the day
I would have my first woman. I have read so many books and magazines,
seen so many movies and have surfed so many sites in the net, but
never could actually sleep with a woman.

And just imagine my luck, my honour infact, to have someone like you
for my first time. I know you would properly guide me so that I can
do all those things I have always dreamed of."

"Aghh", she said, "you are just trying to flatter me."

"No I am not", I sweared, "mashi, I love you!!!"

***

I dived forward, sealing my quivering lips over her's. She held her
hands to the sides of my head while I laid mine over her soft mound
of breasts. My mouth hungrily thrusted into hers, our tongues lashing
like in a fierce swordfight. I sucked in her mouth hungrily
swallowing saliva and biting her lips. Her mouth was so warm and
tasted distint and fresh.

We continued French kissing as I slowly grabbed her kameez (long
shirt) and pulled it upwards. She shifted to accommodate its
withdrawal and we atlast broke our kiss as I lifted the clothing
above her head.

Predictably she was completely nude underneath. For the first time
ever, I witnessed my own aunt Rina in all her naked glory. She laid
back on the pillow as I climbled on top of her. I put my legs across
her waist, supporting my weight on my knees.

I gazed philosophically at her exposed boobs.

So warm, pink, soft and inviting.

She had dark wide aureoles and protruding nipples like cherries. I
pinched them with my thumb and forefingers and she let out a long
moan. Next I plunged into them, sqeezing, licking and sucking them
with all my might. They radiated a kind of smell of its own that made
my head go dizzy. I was mad with sexual frenzy and I involuntary
started swinging my hips in a to and fro motion. My throbbing cock
rubbed against her navel smearing it with precum. I was still sucking
on her hard rubber like nipple and pinching the other with my hand.
She started giving out long moans of ecstasy.

"Ugghhhhhhhhhhh."

"Ugggggggggggggggggggghhhhh."

"Uuuummmmmmmmm."

"Come on Rahul, come on. Yes, oh yesss, the other one, please, other
one, lickkk it."

She rubbed her hands all over my head and my back and pushed it deep
into her breasts. I went on licking until the pressure in the lower
part of my body became too unbearable to bear.

I slipped downwards, looking at the glorious depths of her pussy.
With my hands I quickly spread her legs apart as far as they went.
She was completely shaven without a hint of pubic hair, which let me
fully appreciate her sexual beauty. I slowly parted the lips of her
slippery wet vulva and pinched her swollen clitoris with my fingers.

"Rahullllllll, please---please don't tease me", she pleaded,

"put it in, put it innnn, pleasee."

I concluded she was already too wet to need any oral lubrication.

In my hand, I held my thick cock and guided its head to the tip of
her parted pussy lips.

"Yesssssssssss" she exclaimed.

I stood on my knees and allowed her legs to pass over the sides of my
waist.

This was the moment I was waiting for all my horny life. I was about
to enter the first pussy of my life. Moreover the pussy belonged to
none other than the sister of my mother. I glanced at the purple head
for one last time, foreskin pulled back and pushed my body weight
forward collapsing on mashi's stomach.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhh", we both shouted in unison.

I laid still for a minute, trying to master the sensation that was
completely new to me. My cock felt like it was being squeezed from
all sides by beautiful, heavenly, soft, creamy muscles. It was a
divine experience. Slowly I lifted my head, supporting my torso with
my hands. I looked at mashi's face. She was smiling at me, desire,
lust, sex written all over her.

I pulled my hips back one inch and pushed again deeply, reaching the
foremost point of her tunnel. My mushroomed head brushed with the
neck of her cervix. She moaned wildly in pleasure as I again pulled
back and pushed back onto her vagina. Soon I got the hang of this,
and started a systematic rhythem of strokes.

First I was worried about hurting the both of us, so I fucked mashi
with slow long strokes. Slowly and slowly the sexual heat got the
better of me, as I banged into her with all my might. I grabbed her
legs with my hands and pushed and pushed and pushed. I cried with
each stroke and she uttered ecstatic moans evertime I reached her
depths. My thighs painfully slapped against her ass and my balls
banged into her like a swing. I lost all sense of time and space. All
I knew was that I was fucking the hell out of my thirysix year old
aunt.

"AGGGhhh."

"AGGGhhhhhh."

"AGGGhhhhhhhhhh."

"AGhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh."

"AGGGhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh."

"Yessssssssssssssssssss."

It went on and on and on.

"Fuck me, fuck meeeee... fuckkk Rahul--- fuck meee", she cried at the
top of her lungs. She started swaying her hips in rythem with my
humping. She pushed forward everytime I plunged into her and she went
back evertime I withdrew.

I felt it coming. The wave of release. My ball contracted and
released its load and I stayed put as deep at I could reach inside
her pussy. My semen filled her inside and then I felt her body going
stiff. She arched her back and rose from the bed and shaked as if she
was having a fit. Slowly and slowly it began to recede. She slumped
back into the bed with me on top of her- completely powerless and
exhausted, our genitials still locked into each other. I felt my cock
deflating and deflating until it stipped out with a slop sound. I
collapsed next to her in the bed embracing her in my arms.

"How was that?", I smiled.

"That was the most wonderful time of my life, Rahul, thank you so
much."

She moved forward and kissed me again playing with our saliva.

After a while, we sat up still cuddling and kissing each other. Her
long hair was all across her face, which made me wild with desire
once more.

She bent forward and popped my deflated cock into her mouth, sucking,
trying to extract the last drops of my semen.

"You love to taste it so much, don't you?", I asked, "how does it
taste?", I asked out of curiosity.

"Why don't you taste it yourself, you have completely filled me
inside out", she said.

Never in my life had I wanted to taste my own cum, but she made me
crazy. I shifted to a 69 position, I on top of her. I put my head
between her thighs and sucked her red swolled pussy. It was dripping
with cum. I never knew I could produce so much semen.

It didn't taste bad, a bit sweet in fact. I licked between her thick
pink lips protruding my toungue as far as it would go. She squirmed
her hip into my face as I licked long from her clitoris to her
puckered asshole. I applied dabs of the mixture of my saliva, semen
and her pussy juices around her little hole.

Meanwhile she had helped me regain my hardness as I felt my cock
fully erect in her warm mouth. I knew what I wanted. She knew what I
wanted. I wanted to fuck her ass. I wanted to do it since I first saw
her that morning. I pulled myself out of her mouth and boldly
exclaimed, "mashi, I am gonna fuck your asshole."

"What do you think I brought the Vaseline for", she said slyly
smiling, "but remember, it's my first time too, please don't hurt me."

I smiled to reassure her that I wont. But she knew I was nervous as
well. We were both virgins this time.

I grabbed the jar of Vaseline and took out a dabfull.

Meanwhile she prepared herself. She got on all fours with her lovely,
wide, aromatic ass obscenely pointed in my direction. I bent and
kissed it and licked it. It tasted good, even smelt nice. I smeared
all the Vaseline on her ass and asshole. I stretched the skin apart
and forcefully inserted two fingers into her tiny hole. I heard her
muffled cry under the pillow, but I didn't care. I wanted her ass
that bad.

I moved my fingers around, stretching her hole to its elastic limit.
I applied the jelly even inside her rectum. Next I applied the jelly
on the entire length of my throbbing cock, already wet with saliva.
Then I positioned myself properly. I stood on the bed, her ass in my
hand. I finally accommodated my cock to the entrance of her ass.
Stretching it with my fingers, I pushed it forward.

Slowly and slowly, inch by inch it sild in. It was so tight. So much
tighter than her pussy. I was sure without the Vaseline, I would
never have succeded.

Mashi cried out, "Rahulll, noooo, take it out, take it out pleaseee,
its too big, I will burst, pleaseee."

But I was not going to, I was sure after the initial pain she would
soon discover the pleasures of it, just as I had read in books. I
slowly started a to and fro motion. It was difficult and a bit
painful for me. My cock slipped in and out of my mashi's stretched
asshole. She cried out in pain.

"Nooooooooooooooooooo."

"No Rahull."

"Please, I will die, please take it out."

But surely enough, soon her "no"s began to graduate into "yes"s, I
knew she would love it. I knew my thirtysix year old aunt's virgin
ass would love it.

I increased my tempo. I banged her ass in and out. I knew mashi's
hand had traveled to her pussy and was now rubbing her clit
vigourously. She moaned and panted as I continued my plunder. I felt
her tight sphincter muscles rubbing the against the length of my
shaft.

Her rubbing and my banging kept on increasing until she reached a
powerful orgasm which made her lose strength and collapse on the bed.
My cock slipped out of her ass and at that same moment I reached my
own climax. I shuddered as electric current passed through my body
and I emptied my load in the air. It landed all over her ass and on
her back, some even on her flowing hair. I hugged her from behind and
fell into bed, our love juices spreading between our bodies. We
didn't care. We laid still, we laid contended. Satisfied at not just
having sex but making love. Then we drifted to sleep in each other's
arms.

I woke up in the evening. It took me a moment to recall all that had
happened that fateful afternoon. I remembered mom would be worried as
I hadn't returned home yet. I was about to call home, when mashi told
me that she had already talked to her sister. She had told her that
after collage, I had gone to her house to get some help regarding a
computer project. She had told her that it would be sometime before
its finished, so I would better stay the night at her place. My
unassuming mother had innocently agreed.

I felt is if cheating on my mom, felt a bit sorry for her. Sorry
because I had fucked her own dear sister and best friend, and without
her knowledge or approval. But now the prospect of spending an entire
night with my sexy aunt made my organ renewed with new vigour. It
didn't go unnoticed from my mashi's eyes. She smiled and joined me
back in bed.







