Aunt in the City
by indian_stallion (C) 

I am now 19 and it all started with my aunt a year ago. Back in our hometown in Mumbai, my aunt was involved in sex a lot, almost everyday. She is 33, but she looks 25, she is 5 feet 7 inches, long dark hair, sexy brown eyes, and her breast size is 34D. Last year, I was looking around for colleges. 

I found an orientation for a college I wanted to go to in Pune. My parents were busy so my aunt offered to take me to me there. She also said that she wanted to go one week earlier to go site seeing. I had no objections. We went to the city, went exploring and sightseeing, nothing sexual. At our hotel however, we did not reserve a room in advanced, so the only room they had left was a single king size bed and a Jacuzzi tub. 

It was not a honeymoon suite, it just happened to have a Jacuzzi. We took the room because the appearance of the hotel was nice compared to the other ones we saw. I offered to sleep on the floor, but she said we were family and I could sleep on the bed with her. 

Our site seeing week was coming to an end the next day we had to go to the college. On this night, there was that massive blackout that hit the entire state. Anyway we had to walk to our hotel across town; we got there around 11 PM. 

Both of us were getting ready for bed since there was nothing else to do. She said to me before we slept, "If you want to sleep without your shirt on to keep you cool, you can." I said, "No its ok."

"Are you sure Hun?"

"Sure I am fine. Besides, it wouldn't be fair to you."

"Me? How come?"

"Because you can't get cool by taking a piece of your clothing off or you'd be exposing yourself. And my mother has told me how cautious you are about exposing yourself"

"Oh really? Then...WATCH ME!" She then stripped down to her bra and panties. I was still virgin though, virgin eyes, and virgin organ. I saw her in her bra and panties and I just froze. I kept staring as I saw her beautiful body. She said "Ok, your turn." I was motionless. 

Waiving her hands in front of my face saying "Hello!!" She then said "AS YOUR AUNT, I DEMAND YOU TO TAKE YOUR SHIRT OFF YOUNG MAN!" I couldn't stop staring or say anything. She finally said "FINE! I'll do it FOR you." She tore me down to my boxers. When I just had my boxers on, she saw my huge tent. Seeing that made her nipples hard, which were almost paper-thin. 

After that neither of us said anything or did anything, we just went to sleep. Five minutes later I was still awake trying to think if that really happened. My aunt however thought I was still asleep, so she pulled down my boxers and started sucking me off. I pretended that I was still asleep. 

I held in my moans while she sucked my off. Then I couldn't hold me in. I shot my load into her mouth. First she swallowed it, and then she couldn't keep up so she let go for a sec and I wasn't done with my load. She swallowed the rest...so I thought. She left my cock and came up to my face. She kissed me smack on the lips. And with that, as a joke, she spit the extra cum back into my mouth. She was giggling while I was chocking because I tried to laugh. 

After that and a quick breather, she asked me if I was still a virgin. I didn't lie and said yes. She said in a sexy voice "Well you'll need experience young man. You're going to college." Again I was speechless so I just watched her motions. She started to suck my cock again, not as great as the first time though. That was because all she wanted to do was raise my cock to hardness again. 

After that she rested her bare back against my chest, and she was hovering her butt above my cock. She whispered "Are you going to tell any one?" I nodded no. Without a seconds gap, she pushed her butt down with force onto my cock. I moaned loudly, not because it hurt, but because I was so pleased and thankful of my aunt. She slowly started pumping, up and down. 

I started to match them. When the pace got higher, she was the first to cum. When she did she dropped back with me under her still. She might have been done but I knew I wasn't. So I kept going in and out of her slowly until she was ready again. When she was, she turned over so we were face to face. We kissed passionately for 2 minutes. Then she teased me by hovering her pussy over my cock. Finally she rammed it onto my cock. We kept pumping and kissing until she said, "Suck my nipples!" I said, "What?" She screamed, "SUCK MY NIPPLES GODDAMNIT!!" I gladly took her nipples into my mouth. Within a min I came in her. 

We kept taking turns cumming and resting until about 5AM at which point we were pumping at a fast rate and we both came together for the first time. She still had her face to me, but after that last major orgasm, we both fell asleep with my cock still in her and drenched in her cum and some of my own. In the morning, the light had come back and my aunt wasn't on top of me anymore. Then I heard the shower turn on, so I decided to take a piss first and then join her. When I entered the bathroom, she called me straight to her, and I did go there. 

I went in with her and asked me to do her doggy style. I said, "I can't right now." She was confused until I told her I have to pee. She said go ahead and then lie down in the Jacuzzi bathtub. I said nothing and let it flow all over her sexy body. She swallowed most of it, which turned me on once again, giving me a raging hard-on. I grabbed her by her waist and told her, "Get on your knees and face the door." I doggy styled her and fucked her for almost another hour in the bathtub alone. Then she said, "We have to get ready." So I washed her and dried her while she did the same for me 
