A Conversation with My Wife 

By JSR


This story, while based on some facts, is just a fantasy. Names have been changed to protect the innocents.

I had been married once before, and had a son that was 5 years old when I married my current wife. We have been married over 50 years now (with a daughter that is now in her early 40's), and this conversation took place just last week.

 Medically, my wife has not been well for a number of years, nothing life threatening, but enough to keep us from enjoying each other.

Last week, she was again apologizing, for being ill. I jokingly said, I guess it is time to trade you in on a younger model. She, in all seriousness, said, You should have done that years ago. I ask her, Do you remember what I told you before we were married? She answered, We talked about a lot of things, what are you referring to?

I said, When we first discussed getting married, I told you to make very sure it is what you wanted, as there would never be a divorce, but one of us might end up being dead. I don't remember you saying that, she replied.

June, you said, at that time, Jack are you saying that you would kill me, rather than give me a divorce, if I wanted one? My answer was, NO, what I am saying is that one of us might kill the other, or one of us might have died, or even one might commit suicide, but no divorce.

She said, I have often times wondered, over the years, why you kept me around, since it was very apparent that you knew I was cheating on you, and you even caught me in bed with your son, when he was 14.

I said, That was never a problem, before we were married, we agreed that we would bring our kids up knowing about sex, and even teaching them ourselves, we agreed that you would teach the boy(s), and I would teach the girls.

Yes, but he was not my son she said. When his mother died, and he came to live with us, you became the only mother he had, and legally, he is your step-son, therefor you were doing what I had expected you to do. If you remember, when I saw the two of you, I quietly backed out of the room. Unless you said something to him, he never knew that I saw the two of you. I also, know that that was not the first time, nor the last time that he fucked you.

How did you know all of this? June ask. I knew, that is all you need to know, as to how, it does not matter, and our son is a better man for your teaching I answered.

June said, I often wondered why you did not try to hide the fact that you were fucking our daughter, I guess that you did not care if I knew, I always felt that it was in retaliation for me fucking Ken, so I did not say anything. Not retaliation, but teaching her how to pleasure a man, which seems to have done the trick. They have been married 20 years, now and I have never heard of a problem, with their sex life, and she used to tell me all about the sex she was having with her boy friends, at school.

She talked to you about it? June ask. Yes, she would tell me what they did, and if the boy complained about something, she would ask me to show her how to do it right, which I had great pleasure in doing I replied.

I was always surprised that she did not get pregnant June said. I answered, I was also, but if she had, I know that it would have been mine, as she always used condoms, with the boys, but would never let me use them on her. We were just lucky on that, from the time she was 14, until she decided to get married, I fucked her at least once a week. I always thought that maybe she wanted to have my baby, but just got lucky, and did not. However, I never told her that I would give her a baby, but I was sort of disappointed, that I did not.

That often, I knew you kept her full of sperm, I could see it in the laundry, but that was a lot more than I realized June ask? Yes I answered, And sometimes more.

June then said, what about the time that you caught me in our bed with your best friend? well, I said, there are two answers to that one. Two June ask? First answer, is remember when we were discussing swinging, early on in our marriage? Vaguely she answered. Then, do you remember the time we tried it with one of my friends at work, I ask? How could I forget that, when his girlfriend backed out of it after he was already fucking me, leaving you by yourself, when she locked herself in the car and waited for him to finish with me June answered. And do you recall telling me that you were sorry it did not work out for me, but that you felt that I had given you permission to fuck anyone you wanted I ask? I am not sure what I said that night, but I know that you were mad for a week, and I knew then that I would keep going out and fucking guys she answered. 

One more thing about that, I said, I also know that you had at least two abortions. June looked at me real funny and said, who told you that? I answered, indirectly, you did. You had me go with you to have a 'female medical procedure' done twice in a matter of 6 months, then 3 months later, you had your tubes tied. Since I had been snipped after our daughter was born, the only reason for you to get your tubes tied, was to prevent any more pregnancys. I put two and two together, and the only real answer was abortions. I also ask some women at work about a procedure 'female medical procedure' and was told that that was a code word for abortion, so that husbands would not know. Since I had been snipped, it was very apparent that you were not using condoms, nor any other type of birth control. When I confronted her with this information, she admitted to having 4 abortions, but two had been done when I was out of town.

Then June, after thinking for a few minutes, said, Do you also remember that during the time I was teaching your (our) son, that I was home every night with you? Yes, I remember, I said, that was because you could get all the fucking you wanted at home, without having to worry about me catching you with someone, I answered.

What about 'answer two', she ask? Answer two, I said, is a little more involved. Do you remember when your sister and her husband moved suddenly out of town? I remember, but what does that have to do with anything? I answered, the reason that they moved, is that your sister and I had been seeing each other for a while, when she got pregnant, with my child, they moved so that no one would ever know that their daughter is mine. Her husband, was sterile, and they ask me to father their child, without letting anyone in the family know.

It would have made me a hypocrite, if I said to much to you about fucking around, after I was the father of your niece, I said. After your mom died, Sarah, was told the truth, but she prefers not to acknowledge the fact that I am her biological father, I said.

After we moved here, 20 years ago, I had no proof that you were still fucking around on me. At first you did not know people, so that kept you home. Then as you began making more friends, I had suspicions that you were at it again, but no proof, that is until about four years ago, when I was at a friends house one evening. He said he wanted to show me something that he found on an internet site. When brought up the site, there was your picture, with the caption, I need sex, are you willing to meet me, for sex, any time, any place, no questions or commitments so I knew that you were at it again.

I am surprised that you did not say anything, June said. After all these years, you are not going to change, I replied. I also told her, one thing I did is to start using the site to find women to fuck, and I have been having a great time. So I guess we are even.

I said, After all this time, I seriously doubt that anyone would have either one of us, as fucked up as we are, I guess we deserve each other.


Comments and suggestions are welcome: storytellerxxx5@gmail.com 
