It was nearly midnight when Wesley showed up in his quarters. Will was in bed, relaxing, when the door swished open. He watched, with a smile on his face, as Wesley stripped down to his underwear and crawled into bed.

“Hey.”

“Hey.”

Wesley kissed Will hello and settled in next to him.

“So, Wesley, what do you want tonight?”

“What?”

“What do you want? What do you want me to do, or what do you want to do? I want you to ask me, or tell me.” Wesley just lay there for a few minutes, and Will was worried that Wesley wasn’t going to say or do anything.

Finally, Wesley did something. He rolled them over and straddled Will, smirking.

“Lights 50%.”

Will raised his eyebrows. Wesley leaned down to give him a quick kiss, and then whispered in his ear.

“I want to explore you. I want to find every spot that makes you moan. I want to find every spot that makes you buck. I want to find every spot that makes you curse. I want to make you feel good.” Will swallowed hard.

“Jesus, Wes.” Wesley just smiled at him and started to make good on his promises. He started by kissing each of Will’s eyelids, then down to press a kiss to the tip of his nose, and paused briefly to press a kiss to Will’s lips. He kissed and nibbled his way along Will’s jaw, causing him to let out a sigh.

Wesley moved on to his neck, sucking and kissing and biting, but Will pushed him away before he could leave a mark. That was hard to do though when Wesley found that one spot that made him do all of the things that Wesley had wanted him to do.

“Jesus, Wes. No. You can’t.” Instead of moving away, Wesley sucked a bit harder. “Shit, Wesley!”

“Come on, Will., just this one spot. I want to mark you.” He was looking at Will with that damn pleading look in his eyes. Will was starting to hate that look. He sighed.

“Fine. But just that one spot.”

Wesley started slowly, kissing and sucking gently. He was driving Will crazy, and Will had such a tight grip on him, he was probably leaving bruises, though nothing like the one that Wesley was going to leave on him. Then Wes bit down, hard, causing Will to buck up against Wesley. He licked at the bite, soothing it, before moving away from his neck.

He kissed his way down to Will’s chest, bringing up a hand to run through his chest hair. He stopped kissing and instead focused on running his fingers along one of Will’s nipples. He took it in his fingers and rolled it, before gently pinching. When Will groaned, he pinched a little harder.

“Yeah, just like that.”

Wesley leaned down and licked the nipple, tentatively, still unsure of what he was doing. It wasn’t the first time he’d experimented with them, but he hadn’t done much. Will ran his fingers through Wesley’s hair, encouraging him.

Wesley took his time, taking the nipple into his mouth, sucking on it, and biting down gently, before moving on to the other one. When Wesley finished, he worked his way along Will’s arms and stomach, then making his way up and down Will’s legs.

Then Wesley was kissing him. Will needed some friction, and tried to rub up against Wesley, but Wes broke the kiss and pulled away.

“Not yet, Will. I’m not done with you.” Will groaned.

“Damn it, Wesley.” Wesley smirked and moved back down his body. His breath caught when he felt Wesley pulling down his briefs, but he didn’t say anything. He didn’t want to do anything to make the kid uneasy. It seemed that Wesley really was intent on exploring.

Wesley took up the same explorations around his hips and pelvis that he had done on the rest of his body, completely ignoring the party of his body that he needed touched the most. If Wesley was intent on driving him insane, it was working beautifully.

Will felt himself being rolled over. He tried to rub against the bed, just to relieve some of the tension, but Wesley swatted his ass.

“None of that, Will.”

“You’re killing me.” Wesley laughed and kissed him, and then took to exploring his back, the way he had done his front. Will had to admit that he was impressed. Sure, Wesley had made the first move, but the kid had been shy when it came to anything except kissing. It was nice to see this side of him, and he hoped it stuck.

His thoughts were interrupted when he felt a nip to his ass. He huffed out a laugh. Wesley took a few more minutes on his ass, before moving back up his body.

“Okay Will. Roll back over”

Will rolled back over and watched as Wesley leaned over to the drawer by the bed, where he knew that Will kept the lube. He groaned when Wesley gripped him and started stroking. Wesley had worked him over really well, and he knew he wouldn’t last long. Sure enough, after a few more strokes, he was crying out.

“Yes, Wesley, yes!” When Will caught his breath, Wesley was still straddling him, watching him. He watched as Wesley took a finger and dipped it into the semen spattered across his stomach, lifting that finger to his mouth to taste.

Will couldn’t hold back the laugh at the face that Wesley made. Wesley glared at him, and plopped down onto the bed next to him. Will grabbed the towel he had laid out by the bed earlier to wipe up the mess before rolling over on top of Wes.

“Well, I hate to tell you, but it doesn’t get any better. The good news is, now it’s your turn.” And just like that, the bold Wesley from just moments ago vanished.

“What’s the matter, Wes? Don’t like when all of the attention is focused on you?” Wesley just looked at him. Will sighed.

“Okay, we’ve got to work on that.” Will leaned down and started doing exactly what Wesley had done to him. He didn’t linger on the kid’s neck though. There was no way he was going to leave a mark on him that was visible to everyone. There were other places for that.

He hadn’t taken the time to explore Wesley thoroughly before either, not wanting to make him uncomfortable. Now though, he took his time and mimicked everything that Wesley had done to him. When he got going on one of Wesley’s nipples, he was surprised by the response.

“Oh shit, Will!” he cried out as his hands found their way to the back of Will’s head, grabbing his hair. Will looked up at Wesley, smiling.

“What?”

“I don’t think I’ve ever heard you curse before, baby.” Wesley blushed. Will moved back up and pressed a kiss to Wesley’s lips.

“Don’t stop. I like it.” Wesley smiled, though he was still blushing. He placed another quick kiss to Wesley’s lips before moving back down to his body.

When Will had finished Wesley’s front, he was a writhing, moaning mess, and Will had even gotten a few more curses from him. He had left the underwear on though, not sure if he had permission to go there yet.

Will rolled Wesley over and started working the exact same pattern Wesley had done. When he finished, he ran a hand over Wesley’s backside, when the kid spoke up.

“Take them off.” He didn’t ask Wesley if he was sure. If Wesley made a decision, then he was sure. He rid Wesley of his briefs, and proceeded to kiss and bite those cheeks. He was so close, and he wanted to run his tongue along other areas, but that could wait, would have to wait. Now wasn’t the time.

He rolled Wesley back over and sucked a bruise to his hip, kissing and licking along his pelvis, wanting nothing more than to lick a strip up the cock before him, before sucking it down. He resisted, as hard as it was though, his mouth salivating at the thoughts of what he could do.

He pulled away and buried his face in Wesley’s neck.

“I’m sorry,” Wesley whispered.

“What? No. Absolutely not. You have nothing to be sorry for.” He kissed Wesley until the kid pulled away from him.

“Will,” he groaned, bucking up against him, trying to gain some friction. Will placed a hand on Wesley’s stomach, pushing him down.

“Easy baby. I’ve got you.” He grabbed the lube and took up the same position that Wesley had been in earlier, watching his face relax at that first touch. He stroked with purpose, adding a twist every so often, watching Wesley as his hands fisted into the sheets, and when he ran his thumb over the slit, he watched Wesley come, Will’s name on his lips.

Amazingly enough, Will was hard again, and when Wesley finally opened his eyes, he laughed.

“Need me to get that for you?”

“Nope. I’ve got this one.” He brought himself off with just a few strokes as Wesley watched wide-eyed. He grabbed the towel, wiping them off quickly, before he collapsed next to Wesley.

He was surprised when Wesley only pressed himself against Will, resting his head on Will’s shoulder, rather than wrapping himself around Will.

“You okay?” Wesley lifted himself up to look at Will, resting a hand gently on his cheek.

“Yeah,” he said, leaning in to kiss him again. “I’m good.” He kissed him again, slow and sweet, before resting his head back on Will’s shoulder. “I’m just sleepy.”

Will chuckled and watched as Wesley fell asleep, a smile on his lips.