Summary: On Thanksgiving, teenaged Amber is reunited with her
former babysitter, Caroline. The two reminisce on their private
sexcapades, while anticipating time alone.

(Ff, fg, gg, mast, oral)



  "I'll get it!" Amber called to the kitchen. She ran to the
nearby door and opened it.

  Standing there was a young woman with blonde hair. Her slim
body was clad in tight jeans and a black leather jacket. The
grinning visitor opened her arms and caught the suddenly excited
teenager.

  "Amber!" the visitor cried, closing her arms.

  "Caroline!"

  The two of them stood in each other's embrace for a moment
before mutually breaking it to look at each other.

  Amber was a petite girl with blonde, almost white, hair down
her back. She wore jeans with a green shirt. Her green eyes met
her guest's blue ones.

  "Caroline!"

  The woman looked behind Amber to see a man heading their way.
"Hey, Mr. Lawrence." She gave him a hug.

  "Glad you could make it. Elaine is in the kitchen with her
hands full."

  The three of them went into the kitchen, where Caroline got a
warm greeting from Mrs. Lawrence. After small talk, Mrs. Lawrence
sent Amber and Caroline to her daughter's room to talk in
private.

  "Caroline, are you living around here again?" Amber asked.

  "Yeah. I transferred to OHC, and I live on campus. Only a few
miles from your place. That's why I called you the other day."

  "Oh, yeah. Talk about a surprise. I was like, 'Caroline?
Babysitter Caroline is on the phone?!'"

  "And then you kept me up all night with your chattering."

  "I just couldn't believe it," Amber said, unable to contain
herself. "Caroline is here! At my house!" She scrambled across
the wooden floor on her knees to wildly hug the woman sitting in
front of her.

  Caroline giggled and wrapped her arms around the girl. She
kissed her cheek and let her go. "Look at you, all grown up.
You're how old now?"

  "13."

  "13 years old. I remember I had all the boys watching me at my
old school at that age." She looked Amber up and down, from her
breasts that clearly had no bra, to her hips that had a thickness
that was perfectly visible by the way she was sitting with one
knee up. Amber's body felt tingly at the thought of this woman
still checking her out after all these years. "The way you look,
I wouldn't mind having you, myself, sexy." She licked her lips.

  "You are so kinky," Amber laughed. Caroline gasped in
exaggerated horror. "What?"

  "That language, that's what. What have all those boys done to
sweet little Amber?"

  "Boys? Yeah, right."

  "Or should I say, girls?"

  "None of them, really. I don't like anyone that much."

  "So you <i>do</i> like girls?"

  "Yeah. I like some boys, but I like some girls better."

  "I know the feeling. I've been with men and women. Guys are
okay, but girls just... seem to always know another girl's hot
spots." She moved closer. "Ever done anything with a boy?"

  "No. And you're the only girl I've ever been with. God, after
we spoke, I couldn't get you out of my head. I fingered myself so
hard that night thinking about that one time where you taught me
how to do it."

  "Oh, yeah. I was doing it in the living room and you walked in
on me. I was like 16.

  "And then you did it in front of me to show how."

  "It was better when we kept doing it whenever I came over."

  "And now I do it almost every night. Thanks a lot."

  "Hey, you were the one who seduced me first."

  "I did not," Amber protested.

  "Yes, you did," Caroline persisted. "The thing that confirmed
my being attracted to girls was something you did one time."

<HR>

  I was just coming from your room with your clothes. When I got
back to the bathroom, you were gone. Your wet footprints were all
over the floor, so I followed them into the hallway. There you
were, sitting behind a potted plant, buck naked and soaking wet.
You were facing the other way, so I got behind you and said
"Gotcha!"

  You laughed and ran. All this water dripping off you and on the
floor. I ran after you and found you standing on the living room
sofa.

  "Na, na, na." And then you turned around and shook your naked
5-year-old butt at me.

  When I saw that--I still remember--I felt my pussy throb.  You
looked over your shoulder and laughed at my expression. Then you
held the back of the sofa and did some squats. I wanted to reach
out and squeeze those perky little buns so bad. I did reach for
you, but you jumped off the sofa and spanked both of your butt
cheeks like a drum.

  "You can't catch me!" And then you ran through the other
doorway.

  I followed along and ended up in your room. You were jumping on
the bed, almost hitting the ceiling. I caught you and tickled the
mess out of you.

<HR>

  "Still waiting on the part where I seduced you," Amber smirked
with her arms crossed.

  "Maybe seduced <i>is</i> a strong word," Caroline agreed. "But
that's not how I saw it then. My pussy was like a sink that night
in bed, thinking of that juicy little butt!" The two of them
laughed. "Seriously."

  "<i>Amber</i>!" rang a female voice, followed by a knock on the
door.

  Amber stood and answered the door. "Yeah, Mom?"

  "I need some help out here."

  "Be right out!" She looked at Caroline. "It gets really busy
around here on Thanksgiving. I help Mom with some of the cooking
and stuff while Dad just bums around on the couch."

  "That's okay. I'll help, too."

  The two of them followed Amber's mother to the kitchen. Amber's
mind remained on Caroline. She was obviously just as elated about
"the good old days" as she was. She couldn't wait to go back to
her room and continue the discussion.

  Caroline was thinking the same way. Amber had definitely gotten
more beautiful over the past six years. And she was serious about
the comment about wanting her. She was just as "excited" by the
phone reunion as Amber had been. They didn't address their past
that night out of fear of Amber's parents overhearing it. Now
that they were free to talk in private, Caroline wanted nothing
more than to keep talking about it.

  The chores were done for the time being, so they went back to
the bedroom.

  "Speaking of seducing," Amber said, "remember the last time we
saw each other?"

  Caroline didn't need to think about it. With a smile, she
replied, "Who <i>could</i> forget? It was days before I moved."

<HR>

  We were in your room. I had you lay down and suck my titties
while I leaned over you and fingered you. You were all moaning
and groaning, about to bite my tits off. I remember I had to hold
one of your legs open.

  So I moved my tits and swung them back and forth on your body.
Your slobber left a line from your chest to your stomach. My
nipples scratched at your skin. I held both your legs and put my
face between them. Your pussy was so tight, I barely got my
tongue in.

  When I did, that's when your legs really started going crazy.
Even at ages 17 against 8, I had a hard time holding you still.
Yet for some reason, you kept telling me not to stop. So I kept
trying. I got my lips on your pussy when you legs suddenly closed
on me, snap! Like a mousetrap.

  I ate you out while your legs had me trapped. I sucked and
slobbered on that pussy while you were whining and calling my
name. Your legs were crushing my head. Next thing I knew, your
legs let go for a second, then clamped down on my head. Your
pussy started slapping me in the face. I heard you yelling.

  When you stopped, you let go of my head. I sat up to see you
laying down with this dazed look on your face. Then I laid down
next to you. After that, you moved between my legs and went down
on me.

  Your tongue was small enough to go inside my pussy. I wasn't as
sensitive as you were because I was older. Your tongue went
whirling and whirling around inside me.

  You used a finger to peel on of my lips open. I told you to
stick it in, and you moved it in and out like a dick. And then
you started sucking my clit without me having to tell you to. We
did that for a while, and I remember I came so hard.

<HR>

  The story left an effect on both Caroline and Amber as they
flashed back to its setting. Caroline fidgeted like she had ants
in the pants. Amber, sitting Indian-style, had a hand in her lap,
pressing it lightly against her crotch. Feeling bold, Caroline
looked at the door to see that it was locked. Then undid her
jeans and slid and hand into the opening. Amber looked on in awe
as her guest rubbed her purple panties right in front of her.

  With an intent look on her face, Caroline rubbed her clit in
circles through her panties. Her legs were straight out and
slightly parted.

  Unfolding her legs, Amber unzipped her pants and stuck her hand
inside. She scooted backward a little to lean against a wall. Her
fingertips traced along her covered slit. Her eyes went to
Caroline's when the woman released a moan.

  "<i>Amber! Aunt Millie and Uncle Frank are here</i>!"

  Caroline flinched and reluctantly pulled her hand out of her
jeans. Amber looked at her, then opened the door to tell her
mother she was coming. Then looked at her guest.

  "I can't go out yet. Just... if somebody asks about me, just
say I'm..." she looked around for something to use as an excuse.
"Reading one of your books. Don't let anyone in."

  "Okay," Amber giggled.

  Caroline put her knees to her chest and watch Amber leave. When
the door was closed, she dropped her legs and frantically put her
hand back where it belonged. Her arousal never left, no matter
how hard Amber's mother calling forced her to try. If anything,
it now made her want to climax as soon as possible before being
interrupted again. Her pussy was hot to the touch, moistening her
panties. She leaned back so her head was resting against the side
of the bed behind her.

  Amber soon returned, very slowly opening the door. She entered
the room and locked the door. "Dinner's gonna be ready in a
little while. Almost everyone is out there."

  Caroline nodded and continued to play with herself while Amber
sat down. Her fingertips were now inside her panties, rolling her
clit. She looked at the girl in front of her and undressed her
with her eyes. She eyed the girl's A-cup breasts whose nipples
were poking against her green shirt. How much she'd love to roll
her tongue around the hard little nubs. Her eyes went down to the
unzipped jeans and the white panties that were on display.

  Caroline's breath suddenly caught in her throat. Her thighs
closed on her fingers, which kept on playing with her clit. She
sat up and shut her eyes tight. Her shoulders hunched and her
whole body twitched several times. She let out a breath and
calmed down.

  "That looked like fun," Amber said with an envious smile.
Caroline simply grinned. "I'd like to have cummed, but we'll have
to leave any second."

  The duo talked about more mundane subjects to get Amber's mind
off her lack of orgasm until they were called to eat. Dinner went
by smoothly on the outside. But Caroline and Amber felt the lust
all throughout their insides. They let each other know in subtle
ways. Caroline pressing her soft breasts into the back of the
girl's head and neck when standing in the "more" line. Amber
scooping up the back of the woman's tight jeans in both hands.
Rubbing their feet up the other's leg under the table (which, at
some point, caused Amber to suddenly burst out laughing and have
her father question her). Both made a trip to the bathroom to get
as much relief as they could in a short time frame.

  "Well, I'd better be getting home," Caroline announced when
most everyone finished their meal.

  The family said their goodbyes in exchange for the woman's
thanks. Amber walked her former babysitter to the door.

  "Let's keep in touch," Amber said. "I don't have a phone yet,
but you can friend me on Facebook."

  "I'll do that. Maybe visit you this weekend."

  Amber looked back to make sure no one was watching, then kissed
Caroline on the lips. Their lips lingered, but parted before they
could get too intimate.

  "Bye, Caroline."

  "Bye, Amber. Have fun thinking about me." She gave a knowing
smile.

  When Caroline left, Amber rushed down the hall and to her room.
She stretched her waistband and put her hand inside to get to her
wet pussy. Her fingers went through the leg holes of her panties
as she thought of Caroline. Their history, their antics at
dinner, what could have been if they were all alone.

  Amber's forefinger found her clit and furiously fiddled with
it. The speed she needed was slightly uncomfortable this way, so
she lowered her jeans and underwear to just below her hips. Her
thumb proceeded to caress her clit. Another finger went in and
out of her pussy.

  The girl closed her eyes and thought of what Caroline would
look like naked. She gently squeezed her own tit to aid her
fantasy. Her mind went to the memory of the woman's tits rubbing
against her an hour ago. Those luscious pillows laying against
the back of her head. She wanted to turn around and put her face
into them. Put her face in between and rub her teenaged cheeks
with them.

  Amber thought about Caroline's ass. Her jeans hugging her buns
tight, yet still allowing them to maintain their jiggly form. The
way the woman moaned when Amber squeezed the globes. She wanted
to hear Caroline moaning her name right now.

  Gritting her teeth, Amber reached her climax. Her lower body
flopped uncontrollably. Her hand remained between her legs,
fiddling her clit. Her left leg soon gave out, but the other
looked to be having a seizure. When it was over, Amber laid there
and basked in the aftermath.

<HR>

  Later on, Amber had just gotten out of her shower. She entered
her bedroom wrapped in a burgundy towel held under her arms. As
she looked through her drawer, she heard a tapping on her window.
To her surprise, Caroline was waving at her from outside. Still
clad in the towel under her arms, Amber opened the window.

  "Caroline? What are you doing?" She whispered, trembling from
the sudden breeze. She backed away and stood near the bed.

  "Well, I was just knocking on random windows in the
neighborhood, and then I remembered: you live around here,"
Caroline replied sarcastically. Then she climbed into the room
and shut the window. "Everyone's gone, right?"

  "My parents are in their room. Everyone else is gone. You were
out there this whole time?" Amber sat on the bed and looked at
the clock. It was 11:42PM.

  "Not really." Caroline sat beside her. "I stayed at a
McDonald's and the park until I figured you might be in your room
alone." That's when Caroline noticed Amber's drying, blond hair.
The crossed, smooth legs that led to the shadowy depths of the
towel. The teenaged breasts that pushed against the burgundy
cloth. "Too bad I missed the show."

  Amber looked at her own lack of attire and smirked. "So that's
why you came back, huh? You wanted to seduce a helpless, innocent
little girl? Again?" She stood and made her way past her guest.

  Caroline scooted across the bed until she was touching the
bedboard. Her gaze was fixed to the slight opening in the teen's
towel. She spied a bare hip with a side of leg. Upon hearing the
door click, she played along with the girl's game.

  "Helpless? You're the one who locked the door. Caroline slowly
walked towards Amber, who was now facing her.

  "Maybe. But I'm still standing here. I can always run out and
tell my parents you're here."

  "You wouldn't dare."

  "And why not?" Amber asked defiantly, putting a hand on the
doorknob.

  Caroline put her hand on top and looked at Amber. "Because..."
Without finishing that response, she pressed her lips to Amber's.

  The teenager gladly returned the affection. Her tongue slipped
through the woman's lips and pet her hair. She moaned into
Caroline's mouth when she was suddenly lifted off her feet. Still
kissing, she was carried back to the bed and set down across the
woman's lap. Amber ended the kiss and pushed the woman onto her
back. Then she unzipped Caroline's leather jacket and went for
the jeans.

  Frantically, Caroline peeled her jacket off and removed her
shirt. Then she went for her bra. When her jeans were undone, she
lifted herself so Amber could pull them down.

  Amber swiftly pulled the jeans and panties off, then laid
beside Caroline and played with her exposed breasts. She admired
how big and round they looked in the flesh. And softer than she
imagined, as she discovered while squeezing the left tit.

  Caroline reached out to hold her little playmate under the arms
and slide her on top. She ground her naked hips up to meet
Amber's towel-clad crotch. Her hands were on the teen's back,
pulling her against her hard nipples, which threatened to cut
through the towel.

  Amber sat up to cast the offending garment aside. Barely dry,
she buried her chin in Caroline's shoulder and grabbed the sheets
on either side. Her body surfed up and down, rubbing their bare
clits together. She felt kisses on her cheek and whimpers in her
ear. Hands running through her blond hair. The girl lifted her
head and held the woman's shoulders tight and looked into her
eyes.

  Both of them had a somewhat shocked look on their faces as
Amber rode Caroline. Their clits rolling around and into each
other. Sometimes smacking into each other when Amber roughly
thrust her hips.

  "Let's change spots," Amber suggested. "I wanna suck your
titties." She gave a final clit grind before rolling off.

  Caroline sat across the bed with one leg stretched out. Then
beckoned the girl to sit on her thigh. Like her, Amber now had a
leg on either side of her while able to sit up. Best of all,
their wet pussies were still close enough to drool all over the
other.

  Amber seized a 22-year-old tit into her mouth. She embraced
Caroline as much as she could for support. The girl wrapped her
lips around a nipple and licked all around it. All the while,
moaning her approval of what was happening below.

  The girls couldn't trib as fast as before, but it was still
pleasurable for both. Their pussies fit together like puzzle
pieces, keeping each other warm and moist. Their colliding clits
sent such pleasure throughout their bodies.

  Caroline rode it out, holding onto the girl that was sucking,
kissing, and licking her tits. Occasionally, she'd kiss the top
of Amber's head. Other times, she'd moan quietly while watching
the teenager alternate from tit to tit.

  Amber soon leaned back on her elbows and put more pressure on
their conjoined crotches. She saw Caroline reach out to her, so
she took both hands. Caroline pulled on Amber's arms and leaned
back as far as she could. Their cunts mashed together even better
than before. If she wasn't feeling it herself, Amber's increasing
moans would have told her.

  Amber had nowhere to go. Her former babysitter had a colossal
grip on her wrists, holding them tightly by their sides. There
was nothing stopping her from verbally releasing the signs of her
intense pleasure. She could feel her climax getting closer and
closer. Her voice was already emitting long whimpers with
increasingly risky volume.

  Caroline saw Amber's dilemma. As much as she would love to hear
the teen scream, she wasn't about to cause them to get caught.
She stopped the trib and, in a lust-filled burst of inhuman
speed, changed their positions. She turned Amber over so the
girl's face was in the pillow. She laid back so their clits were
touching, upside-down. Her hands went to the teenaged butt cheeks
and pressed them down while rocking her hips.

  Hands free and with a nearby pillow, Amber was free to make
more noise. She put both hands under the pillow and buried her
face into it, covering her ears with the sides. She thrust her
bottom back and forth, moving in unison with Caroline and
grinding her clit on the woman's.

  Amber's orgasm arose quickly. And she did yell into the pillow,
a muffled wail of arousal. Her hands clawed the back of the white
pillow. Her lower body flopped madly into her partner.

  Caroline held the teen's hips and put a leg over her lower
back. Amber was bucking like a wild horse, so it wasn't easy to
hold her. She thrust hard against the teen, loving the squishing
noises of their soaking - and in Amber's case, contracting -
pussies.

  Amber settled down from her orgasm and crawled out of
Caroline's reach. Shakily, she turned around and laid down. She
opened Caroline's legs and licked the mess she left there.

  Caroline threw her head back and sighed. She rested her head
crookedly to avoid hitting it on the bedboard. Her eyes were on
the eyes that looked back at her from behind her sweet spot.

  Looking directly into Caroline's eyes, Amber stuck her tongue
out and rose, taking a long lick of the woman's slit. For the
most part, she focused on her thighs, belly, and just around
Caroline's pussy. Teasing her while slurping up her own juices.
She could tell this was frustrating her visitor.

  Soon, Amber crawled up to Caroline so they were side to side.
She stroked the woman's belly and kissed her. Their tongue
carried Amber's sweet cunt juice back and forth in their sealed
mouths. Caroline pet the thoughtful girl's hair before breaking
the kiss. She then moved down to lap at the teen's nipples.
Amber's breasts weren't nearly as big as hers, but it didn't
matter. Her head shook wildly as her outstretched tongue raced
along her playmate's tits.

  Amber's fingers played with Caroline's hair and face. She
watched with amusement as the woman sucked her tits like crazy.
Her leg went between hers and she rubbed it along her pussy.

  Caroline looked down to watch the bare, teenaged leg sliding up
and down her pussy. Then she sucked her finger and used it to
play with Amber's slit with the same speed. When Amber slowed
down, she slowed down. When she went faster, she'd go faster.

  Amber watched Caroline's tits swing back and forth. She reached
down to play with them, but couldn't reach. When Caroline saw,
she moved closer. Amber held both tits and rubbed the nipples
with the palms of her hands. Sometimes, she'd pull the nipples as
hard as Caroline let her.

  Soon, Caroline felt her orgasm rising. She moved so her pussy
was right back on Amber's. Her fingers dug into the girl's
shoulders. Squirt after squirt of clear liquid splattered the
teenager's cunt. The woman's contracting pussy frantically mashed
against hers. The slippery collision was more than Amber's
teenaged loins could handle, and she quickly lost herself in yet
another orgasm.

  "That's it, cum with me!" Caroline whispered into Amber's ear.
"Cum with me, you hot little tease! Cum for me!"

  Roughly, Amber kissed Caroline. Mainly to suppress her moaning.
Her hands scratched at the woman's back and her pussy pulsed
against hers. She felt light as air as she rode her orgasm.

  Caroline nearly choked on Amber's tongue as she groaned. She
clawed the sheets and pulled on them. Over and over, her back
arched rapidly and fell just as fast.

  Caroline was the first to come down from her climax. She rolled
off Amber to keep from crushing the equally spent girl. They held
hands and shivered together as the last of their orgasm left
them.

  When Caroline caught her breath, she got out of bed and put her
clothes on. Amber grinned down at her, her body still feeling the
effects of her orgasm. The older woman arose, fully dressed, and
pulled the blanket over the nude teen. Then tucked her in and
kissed her lips.

  "Bye, Caroline. Thanks for coming."

  "Bye, Amber. I'll definitely keep in touch. Maybe even start
babysitting you again."
