"Fulfilling uncle's" fantasy of a creampie
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

We were in a bit of a tight spot - my wife and I...maxed out on the credit cards and mortgage and that sort of thing. But she had already signed up for a couple of courses for the whole year (and of course that had added to the credit card pile up too) and we thought it would be useless to drop out midway without the qualifications and certificates. It was just that her French class was from 7pm to 10pm, thrice a week and by the time the class finished it was too late for her to take the public transport. In any case, she would then have to walk about two km from the nearest bus stop. And that would have meant reaching home by midnight. So we cut our expenditure on other items - cheaper groceries, or cheaper lunch, etc so that she could have enough money for a taxi ride after her class.

It took me a while but I realized that there was no sound of a taxi or a car arriving when she returned home after her French classes and that started making me loose sleep. Anyway, when I couldn't take it anymore, I decided to investigate. One day, when she was to attend a class in the evening I told her that I had some business dinner and I might be home after midnight. But of course, it was just an excuse to spy on her. Since we didn't own a car, I had to borrow a friend's motorbike (even better disguise with the helmet, right?). So I waited outside her French school till the class ended and there she was, walking out together with her classmates. As most of them went their way in their cars, on foot or even in buses, my wife waited in the farthest corner of the car park. It was not very well-lit that side of the area and because of some big trees the corner was even darker.

Luckily for me, I was parked just behind the tree and some fence-bushes and was well hidden from her view. Within 5 minutes of the end of her class the area was completely lonely. Someone switched off the lights all together before closing the school doors and it became even more dark.

Then I heard some footsteps. It was the liftman of their school and he was headed to the only car parked in the lot - an old beaten-up Toyota. As he reached closer, he spotted my wife and startled he asked, "Hello dear, you are waiting for someone?" I realized he really didn't know who my wife was waiting for. He was about 50 and had a receding hairline. When she nodded her head in an affirmative, he leaned back on the hood of his car and lit a cigarette and offering it to my wife too. My wife, who hardly smokes anyway refused, surprised me by accepting the cigarette he had just smoked. She took a deep drag on it and returned it.

"So dear, who you waiting for?"

"Well, I was hoping I will get a ride home," she replied.

"Oh I thought you usually go with that Sri Lankan man. Doesn't he drop you home everyday?"

"No. He only drops me home on Mondays. Wednesdays it's Mr Brown, remember the restaurant owner? Yes, he is kind enough to drop me on Wednesdays. And as for Fridays...well, I just go with anyone who is willing."

"But," he took another deep drag on his cigarette, "why stand here? You better be careful because of all those Banglaworkers who live on the construction site behind." With that the liftman came closer and putting his hand on her shoulder, maneuvered her towards the direction of the construction site. As if on cue, three dark-skinned, stout workers wearing only shorts came into view. They were singing some song and sounded a bit drunk. Then one of them said something about how lack of pussy seemed to be rusting his black pipe. One of his friends advised him to "filter" the pipes soon and they all laughed lustily.

As they approached the car park they could clearly see the liftman and my wife. The two looked like a couple with the liftman's arm still on my wife's shoulder. Just then, the liftman lifted his cigarette and brought it up to my wife's lips, "My dear, have a drag."

My wife couldn't have seen him, but I clearly saw how he winked at the three workers, and called them closer with his free hand. The three of them obliged and as they came within an arm's distance, one of them with a deep scar running from his ear to his mouth whistled and said to the liftman, "Uncle, where you got such nice looking woman? Tell us also, we are also hungry for some hot love."

The "uncle" laughed and removed his hand from her shoulder, "No way, she is not mine. I don't go out with these types of women. I like to keep mine in the house not available for all."

"So she is available?" the worker asked the uncle and started rubbing his crotch. The other two were also standing on the two sides of my wife - who clearly looked like she was available to be fucked. I was shocked but kept out of site. They were four of them and if they ganged up against me? Anyway, I saw the uncle laugh, "Hey, hey, she is not my woman for a fuck...but she is mine for trade. You want some hot love with her then it would be two dollars for all three of you. If only one wants than one dollar each."

The workers came forward and gave the uncle a hard kick in the crotch and he doubled over in pain. The three bare-chested workers meanwhile started closing in on my wife. One of them started mauling her breast. One put his fingers in her skirt and obviously started fingering her and the third one pushed her head down as he hauled a mean-looking black cut cock from his khaki shorts.

My wife, suddenly away from all our financial problems, looked like she was in heaven. She chucked her clothes down without any fear of being caught and stuck her ass out like a true two-dollar roadside slut. Bent 90 degrees she started blowing the cut black bangla cock in deep throat style without any gagging. Meanwhile the one who was fingering her removed his shorts to reveal a fat uncut black cock which must have been at least 10 inches long. He shoved it in her hairy pussy unceremoniously and started fucking her like hers was the last cunt on earth. After a few minutes they changed positions fucking her mouth and pussy in a combined tempo.

The third one must have been gay because after tugging on her massive loose jugs for a while, he moved to the "uncle" and taking his limp cock out of his pants, started sucking on it. With some effort, the knocked out uncle also produced a thin stream of cum which was swallowed by the faggot worker.

The other two studs had been breeding my wife festively. They fucked her for a full 15 minutes before emptying their smelly worker seed inside her pussy and leaving her lying naked in the middle of the car park. The uncle, woke up after a few minutes helped my wife dress up and said, "Thanks for fulfilling my fantasy darling, come now let me have a quick suck of your cum-filled pussy. Then I shall drop you home as usual and yeah, don't worry about the $100...I will surely let you have them too. Come now, open you creampie for papa, let sugar daddy suck your cum filled smelly cunt...till then you can play with papa's wrinkly cock."

I revved my bike, startling them and shot off towards my home like a bullet hoping there would be some worker sperm still inside her pussy for me to suck.
