Sealing the deal
So there I was, naked, standing and spread eagled. My wrists and ankles were cuffed and linked to hooks fixed to the top and bottom corners of our bedroom door frame. My cock was hard and was responding to some skilled fondling. There were slurping noises.
I looked down at Izzy who was kneeling at my feet. She looked up at me and she had that twinkle in her eye. She was wearing jeans and a white top, showing just a hint of cleavage, making my nudity look even more incongruous. She couldn't speak because her mouth was full of cock. Her right hand cradled my balls and the middle finger of her left hand was tickling my anus.
She removed her mouth and paused. Her right hand began a teasing wanking motion. She had me right on the edge. She knew it, she loved it and she was about to get her way.
"You remember what we were just talking about at breakfast?" she said.
I nodded.
"Have you thought about it some more?"
"Yes, I guess so."
"Are you up for it?"
"What can I say? You have me somewhat at a disadvantage right now."
She tickled my most sensitive spot just below and behind the glans. I groaned. My cock twitched. It was delicious agony.
She removed her left hand from my bum, thrust two fingers in her mouth and lubricated them with saliva. The hand returned and the fingers slowly began to work their way into my arsehole, gently at first and then more forcefully. My cock stiffened, almost painfully, as the intrusion took effect.
"If you decide now, I will finish you off."
"And if I don't?"
"If you're not sure, I will leave you here for an hour or so while you think about it some more and I'll go and do the shopping. It's your call."
We were teasing each other. She had me right there and she knew it. I had no chance. What was she getting me into?
"OK, you win," I said. "Let's do it."
"I knew you'd see it my way," she grinned. "You won't regret it. It's going to be an
adventure."
Her lips opened and closed around my cock again. Her right hand continued to stroke, slowly at first. Two fingers began to slide up and down in my arse, curling towards my prostate as they did so. I was losing control. Izzy was deep throating me as well now. I had never had a girlfriend who could do that before. The sensations were building up.
I was moaning and uselessly trying to thrust at her. I just managed to say "I'm about to come".
The orgasm was powerful, one of the best ever. Maybe it was the clothed female, naked male dynamic, maybe it was the restraints, maybe it was Izzy's digits up my backside, maybe it was her superior oral skills, but I think it was none of those things.
It was the realisation and acceptance of the momentous decision I had just made - we had just made. I had no idea where we were going to end up, but I was pretty sure Izzy had a few things worked out already. Our lives were never going to be the same again.
If anyone could weave sexual magic, Izzy could. The girl had no limits to her imagination, no inhibitions and her powers of persuasion were unequalled.
As I ejaculated, she wanked me onto her tongue, taking care not to spill a drop of milky semen. She expertly continued to stroke until she was sure I was spent and my cock had begun to shrink. She kissed the head as it slipped out of her willing mouth. Her fingers slid out of my arse and she stood up.
Suddenly her lips were on mine. Our mouths opened and her tongue delivered the entire sticky load to me. She was sealing the deal. I swallowed.
She stepped back and raised an eyebrow.
"All gone," I said, opening my empty mouth.
"Awesome," she said, "Good boy". She gave my balls a squeeze.
She knelt down and began to untie the restraints.
"You have a shower and I'll finish the paperwork."
"I'll be ready by the time you're dressed."
Izzy gets her man
By now you'll be wondering who I am, who is Izzy and how did I get to be tied up and wanked in my bedroom door frame one fine sunny Saturday morning in Hackney in April? And what was I getting into? All will be revealed in time.
My name is Matt and I am 25. This is the story of my sexual adventure with Izzy, so I will avoid false modesty and give it to you straight. I am tallish (over 6') slim and reasonably fit. I have long brown hair. I work in IT, but you don't care about that. I am told I am handsome - blue eyes, square jaw and women seem to go for my smile. I am smart but quiet until I get to know you. I can be funny in a dry way, but I'm not the life and soul of the party and I feel more comfortable in small groups.
I have never had a problem dating girls. They seem to go for me and then we get talking. Before you know it, there we are.
My cock is above average, in girth and length - I know this because I looked it up in Wikipedia - but it's not a dangerous weapon. I don't think size should matter, but I know girls who think it does. They have not been disappointed - it does the job and I haven't had any complaints.
I think I am a sensitive and considerate lover. Izzy thinks so too. She says my oral skills are as good as any she's experienced. I have stamina - I can last as long as I need to. I can always get her off and that goes a long way with a girl, in my book.
She asked me to write down our story, so here it is.
Izzy is my fourth serious girlfriend. There have been one night stands, but I'm mainly a one girl guy. We have been together for six months now. What I call the Doorframe Incident happened after three months, just after we had moved in together. It was a watershed moment. This was the real start. We have never looked back.
Izzy is a force of nature. What I write can't begin to do her justice. How did I meet her? At a New Year's Eve party. We had mutual friends. She honed in on me and we just hit it off.
So on New Year's Day, I woke up in her bed with my cock in her mouth. If you think this seems to be a habit of hers, don't worry, we do lots of other stuff. She has a thing about my cock. That's OK by me.
Izzy is 23 and is a wannabee fashion designer. I think she is good too, but what do I know? It's a tough gig. She went to fashion college, graduated top of her class and is working hard at her first job. She has her own style of dress, sometime wearing classics, sometimes second hand store combinations, some things she makes herself. Her clothes often make her stand out, but she looks stunning anyway so that helps.
She has brown hair like me, but cut in a short urchin style, tomboyish and she is slim and tall with brown eyes, high cheekbones, a turned up nose and full lips. Who does she remind me of? Sort of Uma Thurman brought up to date.
She is shorter than me, unless she wears killer heels. Her figure is perfect as far as I am concerned - pert bum, flat stomach, breasts that hold themselves just so, because they are not too big to get weighed down. They curl up to the nipple, just inviting you to dive in and suck. I could look at them all day.
She plays cello as well and she's good. She once played The Swan from "Carnival of the Animals" by Saint-Saëns in the nude. It was so beautiful I cried. You don't forget something like that. If you don't know it, Google it.
That's all fine, but to get Izzy, you need to understand her personality. She is confident and cheeky and what I would call a modern feminist. Political feminism takes you so far. Izzy believes in sexual feminism as well. No more double standards. No slut shaming. No apologising for being a sexual being with sexual appetites.
Soon after we met, I commented on her insatiable appetite for sex and asked her what she thought about it. She replied,
"Women who like sex are called sluts. It's a put down and an insult to sexy women everywhere. It is pejorative and wrong and I see it as the last gasp of male sexist double standards. I am not a slut. I am a very horny woman, and don't you forget it."
She has a libido like no woman I have ever met. She is always horny and always coming up with new ideas, which is how I ended up in the door frame that Saturday morning. I had always thought that most women had lower libidos than men, but this is not true and it's certainly not true for Izzy. (If she likes you, you have to go along for the ride. You have no choice, but you won't regret it).
Back to New Year's Day. The sex had been good, but we hadn't been too drunk to enjoy it and the morning after it was even better. It seemed as if we had an almost psychic connection. We each knew instinctively what the other was thinking and what we liked and got off on. This made me incredibly turned on and my recovery time between fucks shortened surprisingly, though I could always use my mouth instead.
We were soon spending so much time together that we hardly ever slept alone. My cock usually had that pleasant ache that tells you you've been using it too much, but in a good way. We have a kind of honest and frank connection that allows us to hold nothing back. We told each other our fantasies, what kind of porn we liked, what we had done and with whom and when. It was no surprise to me to learn that Izzy was way ahead. She had already acquired an impressive repertoire of deviant skills and I was left in no doubt that many of them would soon be coming my way.
She brought with her a circle of interesting friends, most of whom had also been to fashion or art college, including several gay men, one of whom was Nick, who was great fun and soon became a mate of mine as well. I will tell you more about Nick later.
"Every girl has to have a gay best friend," she said.
"Every woman gets off on guy on guy porn. Two cocks. What's not to like? Nick is my official gay porn adviser."
Though it was not my thing, I had no problem with it and to be honest, we were so busy with each other that we didn't have much time for porn.
In February my old friend and flat mate Tom told me he was moving out at the end of March to go travelling, something he had been planning for a while. This was ideal and Izzy quit her room in her shared house and moved in with me, bringing along her impressive collection of toys and devices. This meant that we had a bedroom and Tom's old room could become our playroom. This gave us more scope.
Before we got to that fateful day in April, we had already broken a few taboos, so maybe I should tell you a bit more about some of them.
Back door man
We had been together for about three weeks, as I recall. We had just got into bed and were fooling around when Izzy said,
"I want you to fuck my arse."
I knew that this wasn't new to her, but it was new to me.
"OK", I said, "Right now?"
"Yes - I am going to tell you how I like it. Just do as I say."
Not being one to disappoint a lady, I waited for her to tell me what to do next. We were both nude (of course) and the lube was handy on the bedside table.
"I'm going to lie down on my back and hold my legs apart like this," she said.
Her cunt and arsehole were pointing at me.
"Now lick me good." She gave me her commanding look.
I obeyed and she was soon moaning.
"Lick further down. I want to feel your tongue go right up my anus."
My tongue obeyed. She was relaxing and opening up for me. My tongue turned out to be firmer than I thought and I was soon enthusiastically reaming away. Izzy was teasing her clit as I did so. She was well into second gear now.
"Now your cock goes in my cunt."
Fortunately, I was hard. The experience was a turn on. Izzy was always a turn on.
I was kneeling on the bed. She had put a pillow under her lower back. She was looking up at me and waiting.
I slid my cock along her slippery slit. She moaned. I did it a few more times.
"Don't tease. Stick it in."
I slid the whole length straight in. She breathed out loudly as if it had forced the air out of her.
I began thrusting and she rubbed her clit. This went on for a minute or so.
"I'm ready now. Lube my arse and your cock."
I pulled out, quickly grabbed the lube and slathered it on as instructed.
"Now go for it, slowly at first."
I pressed my cock head against her beckoning rosebud. It began to open again and allow me access. The head was inside her now and there was resistance.
"Press on and don't stop if I moan. I will relax and the painful bit is soon past."
Another long slow thrust and my cock was fully inside her. My balls nestled against her bum.
"Now in and out, long and slow. Watch my hand on my clit. Speed up as I do."
The sensation was snug and all enveloping. Her arse had formed a tight tunnel around my cock. The lube was doing its job. I wasn't sure how long I would be able to hold on. I tried to think of other things to prevent the feelings from overwhelming me.
Gradually we were both speeding up. The rhythm was hypnotic. Izzy looked up at me, willing me to keep up with her. Her upper chest and shoulders were visibly reddening, a sure sign of approaching climax.
Her moans and instructions were becoming more insistent and less coherent by the second.
"Harder, faster, deeper, oh God, oh God, oh God. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuuuuuck, fuck. Yes, yes, yesyesyes."
Her stomach and thighs were quivering. This happened when she was on the edge. Her orgasm was imminent.
"More, more, more, yes, yes, yes, yeeeeessss. I'm coming."
Her hand was a blur. My thrusts were as fast as I could make them. I was on the edge as well and she tipped me over. Izzy's whole body seemed to be squeezing my cock and she was writhing as if possessed by demons.
I was throbbing and coming inside her.
Slowly our breathing slowed and I collapsed on her and we kissed.
I eased my cock out and wiped it on a tissue. She wiped herself as well.
"What do you think?" she said. "I think you're a natural."
"I don't mind doing it again," I said. "What's it like for you?"
"Hard to describe, it's different. It fills me up more. It hits different nerves. I need to bash my clit as well or it doesn't work."
"Now I'm going to tell you a secret. You're the biggest I've had in there so I was nervous but I kept quiet as I didn't want to put you off. I think you're top of the anal scale for me. Anyone bigger would be too much."
"Let's have a shower together." I said when we had got our breath back.
"Only if you promise to kneel down and lick my cunt and arse again while we're in there," said Izzy.
"It's a deal," I agreed.
Toy story
You will remember I mentioned Izzy's toys. She loves toys and has lots of them. This was my introduction to Izzy's collection and my first real taste of her dominant side.
It was about a week after our first anal adventure. We were both back from work and had nothing planned. We were tucking into lazy microwave snacks.
"Shall we go out for a drink?" I said.
"No, I've something else in mind," Izzy replied.
"It will be a new experience for you. Do you trust me?"
"Of course."
"Enough to let me tie you up and mess with you?"
"Why not?"
I knew by now that you didn't argue with Izzy if she had made up her mind.
"Finish up your meal and then I want you in the bedroom stripped off. I'm just going to check things out."
Ten minutes later I was naked, spread-eagled, face down on the bed. My wrists and ankles were cuffed and attached to ropes looped around each foot of the bed. I was pretty much stuck. This was my first bondage scene. I was excited.
Izzy was kneeling by my head. She whispered in my ear.
"You know you fucked my arse and I liked it sooo much?
"Yes."
"Now it's my turn. I'm going to return the favour."
I gulped. I was an anal virgin. I had suspected this was coming sometime but I had imagined that today I was in for a spanking. Not so. Maybe that would happen another time.
"OK. Be gentle with me," I responded, with unintended irony.
"I want you to lift your waist off the bed. I'm going to stick this pillow under you to raise your arse for me."
I complied.
"Now tilt your arse upwards as if you want to be violated."
I soon felt as open and wanton as a man can be.
"You are going to love this so much. I've been dying to fuck you since we met. The sight of your bum in those jeans you wore on New Year's Eve turned my stomach over."
There was no answer to that.
Izzy slid a moist finger down the crack of my bum and grasped my balls. She followed this with her other hand which moved past it to my cock.
"Lift your bum up off the pillow. I need to wank your cock for a bit."
My cock unfurled and was soon hard and resting on the bed beneath me.
"Stay there. Don't go anywhere."
As if.
First there was silence. Then I could hear buckles being fastened.
Izzy was by my head again.
"Turn towards me."
I turned and blinked.
"Now move your head towards the edge of the bed."
This was difficult in my restrained state, but I moved as far as I could.
Izzy was standing naked beside my head. She was wearing a harness around her hips.
Sticking out obscenely in front was a realistic looking cock. Fortunately, I judged, it was not as big as mine.
"Be grateful for small mercies," I thought.
It was pointing at my mouth.
"Do you like my cock?"
"It's lovely," I said.
"I want you to suck it and then ask me to fuck you with it. This is what consensual sex means."
I opened my mouth and it was invaded by Izzy's plastic friend. I did my best to accommodate as much as possible, but the angle was awkward and the bondage didn't help.
"You're doing great. I'll have you blowing a real man before you know it."
The dildo was now baptised. There was no going back.
"Please will you fuck me with your dildo," I asked, as instructed.
"It will be my pleasure", said Izzy. "You have no idea how hot this is making me."
She was standing by the bed looking like a sex goddess. Her fake cock stood proud. She was fondling her breasts with both hands and pinching her nipples. She lowered a hand and grabbed her cock. She stroked it and pointed it at me with a grin.
Of course I had fantasised about being fucked in the arse. I guess I had fantasised about most things at one time or another, but nothing compares to being restrained and helpless when it is actually about to happen. Why was I restrained? It's something Izzy likes to do and it's increasingly something I have begun to crave. I started just indulging her because she was so enthusiastic, but now it's becoming a fetish for me. That's how interesting things happen. Be open to everything.
You may be getting the impression that I am the submissive and she is the dominant, but that's because she comes up with most of the ideas and is so keen and has such a pervy mind.
In fact, we are more or less evenly matched and there are times when we both want nothing more than a good old vanilla fuck and these are the times when Izzy loves being taken almost brutally and I am well up for that. She brings out the cave man in me. On the other hand, I can't deny that there is something arousing about being subjected to the will of a sexy woman who knows what she wants and isn't going to stop until she gets it.
Back to my arse. What with the dildo sucking and the sight of Izzy with her cock, I was more and more feeling like I wanted it in me now. I think I could become a harness fetishist. Is there such a thing?
Izzy picked up the lube from the bedside table. For what I was about to receive I was truly thankful. Izzy squeezed a dollop and slathered it on her cock and then squeezed the tube again just above my backside. The slippery lube hit the crack of my bum and began to slide downwards. It felt cool and sensuous.
Izzy's hand followed it and she soon had two fingers inside me. They felt good.
"I'm going to try three," she said. "I want to open you up more."
A third finger was added she began to splay them out, opening me up like a flower.  
"God, you look fantastic. You're all mine. What a sight. Savour the moment."
The fingers slid out and something harder breached the opening. Izzy's cock was on the way in.
I relaxed, opened up and breathed slowly. The sensation was exquisite. Slowly and relentlessly the cock was filling me up. My own cock twitched under me in sympathy.
"I'm all the way in now. How does it feel?"
"Very, very full, but fantastic."
"Good. Now for some fun."
Izzy began to slide her cock in and out of me, slowly at first, then she picked up speed.
The sensation was overwhelming. She was literally fucking me into the bed.
She slid a hand underneath me and reached for my cock.
"Push your butt towards me. Welcome the intruder."
I did as I was told. She was now wanking my cock as well.
Meanwhile the base of Izzy's cock was rhythmically pounding her clit with every thrust. It was a win - win situation. She was starting to moan now. She was never quiet when she got going.
This was the first time Izzy really took off in my presence. I'll try and explain myself. By then we had had lots of great sex. She knew what she wanted and she always had great orgasms and she always let you know. But this was something different, something extra. She was fucking me and I was getting off too, but Izzy seemed to move up a gear and into another dimension. It was as though she was possessed and her body was taking over her mind. The fucking got deeper and harder and faster. She was pounding me and the stimulation on her clit was taking her closer.
She seemed to get to a place where she didn't know who she was, who I was or where she was. She was flying. Her orgasm completely overwhelmed her. She had worked herself up to it. I was just a vessel. The thrusts got wild and I felt drops of sweat fall on my back. I wish I could have seen her face, but I was beneath her and face down.
Her moans were loud and powerful. "Fuck, fuck, fuck, yes!!"
Her orgasm went on and on. I was in awe of her ability to come.
It seemed last for hours but it could only have been two or three minutes. She collapsed on top of me and bit my shoulder. I was still impaled on her cock and the meagre orgasm she had forced out of me left me lying on top of the sticky sheet.
She withdrew and wrapped her arms around me, the cock feeling awkward against my thigh. We were both past talking. We just lay on the bed slowly recovering.
Minutes went by.
"What was that about?" I eventually managed to say.
Izzy opened her eyes and looked at me as only she can.
"I think you've just passed a kind of test," she said.
"Nobody has ever seen me like that. I trust you and I just went for it. We're going to have to do that again soon. Are you sore?"
"No, I'm fine," I said. "The lube worked, but I do feel like I've just been fucked by a train."
"That was the idea," she said. "I don't think many men could have taken that. You're special."
My anal virginity had been well and truly taken.