Raul did not understand what was going on.

He'd been hoping for a bed for the night. He'd got it, and he had not done a thing for it.

The large man in the colorful silk shirt had brought him back to a hotel suite, far larger and more sumptuous than anywhere Raul had been taken before, and contrary to Raul's expectations, had not immediately thrust a hand down Raul's pants the instant the door closed behind them.

Instead, he'd said, "Are you hungry, Raul? I know I am," and ordered room service.

Raul hadn't eaten since splurging a precious dollar on a hot dog the evening before, and took the opportunity to eat a big pile of sandwiches as quickly as possible. They'd chatted a bit as he ate; the large man was from New Jersey, visiting Florida for a few days on business. Raul didn't share much about himself, but conversed amicably about life in South Beach, figuring this was a prelude to being jumped.

But afterwards, the large man said, "Well, you're welcome to spend the night on the sofa. Good night, Raul," and vanished into the bedroom, alone.

And then Raul was on his own, flummoxed and not knowing what to do. Did the man want him to go into the bedroom anyway? Maybe this was some kind of role-playing game, some kind of plausible deniability--so the man could tell himself, well I told him to sleep on the sofa. Not my fault he crept into bed with me... Raul recalled a guy the previous week, some kind of travelling salesman, who had Raul blow him while talking to his wife on his cell. People could be very weird.

Raul was willing to try most things at least once for the sake of boosting his meager and uncertain earnings, at least until he managed to afford a roof over his head. He even enjoyed it, for the most part; a little role-playing would be neither here nor there, could even be fun. But from everything Raul had seen of the large man, confident and direct, clearly familiar with the scene, he didn't think there was any internal conflict of that sort going on.

Raul could have left; could've gone back and cruised for a second trick for the evening. But he'd mainly hoped for a bed for the night, and hey, he'd got it without even having to put out. He wandered around the room for a while and nothing happened, so eventually he took off his shoes and his jeans, settled down on the sofa under a blanket, and went to sleep.

He slept well. The sofa was large and cozy, the room was warm, and he felt safe. Even if the large man did crawl in beside him in the middle of the night, it didn't matter, he'd expected that anyway... but it didn't happen. He slept, uninterrupted.

Sleep for Raul had been hurried bouts of shut-eye in cold alleys and on hard floors for a while now. He hadn't had a full night's sleep since he'd stumbled off a rickety boat at a deserted tumbledown Miami dock in the middle of the night two months ago, starving and seasick, splashing through shallows, scrambling to shore, heading for city blocks, wanting only to vanish. He'd never had a more detailed plan than get to the USA and vanish.

The vanishing had become all the more urgent since he suspected some of his companions on the boat had other plans for him. It had not been easy being the youngest on the boat, on his own, vulnerable and pretty, and he hadn't had a lot of choice about what had gone on out there. (On the other hand, he probably wouldn't have gotten the place on the boat if he hadn't been pretty). Anyway, thank God by the time they'd landed the other men had been even more seasick and wretched than he was. He hadn't had any trouble slipping away.

He woke to bright morning sunshine and the clinking of cups. Raul yawned, stretched, and suddenly remembered where he was. He sat bolt upright, suddenly petrified that he'd overslept, should have left hours ago, the large man might be angry or embarrassed--

"Good morning, Raul, coffee?" a voice asked, and it was the large man, in a different colorful shirt this time, sitting on a nearby armchair and holding a pot.

"Er, yes, please," Raul stuttered, and was handed a steaming white china mug. There was breakfast too, fruit and pastries and muffins, laid out neatly on a cart.

"Did you sleep well?" asked the man, and there followed an awkward few minutes of polite conversation. Raul felt scruffy and grubby, and huddled under the blanket as best he could.

He took the opportunity to study the man who'd given him shelter in this unexpected way. He was stout, clearly well-fed, but with muscle lurking in firm arms and thighs; not fat, Raul thought, except perhaps around the belly. The man had mid-brown hair graying at the temples, and Raul guessed he was probably in his late thirties, early forties perhaps. He had a warm, genuine smile that worked its way through full lips to blue-gray eyes.

"I must apologize, I have to go meet someone," said the man eventually, after Raul had eaten his way through an apple and a muffin, and was eying a large croissant. "But you're welcome to stay as long as you like. Feel free to get room service, movies, food, put it all on the room. Unless you have to go get to a job or something?"

"I work out on the fishing boats when I can," Raul mumbled, inhaling the aroma of strong coffee. He'd found there were some independent local fishermen who sometimes needed an extra pair of hands, who appreciated someone who wasn't afraid of hard work and knew his way around a boat, who paid cash in hand at the end of the day. "But they go early in the morning, they'll all have left by now." Raul didn't own a watch, but could tell from the brilliant sunlight that it was well past daybreak.

"Oh dear." The man looked contrite, and then, to Raul's amazement, plucked a wallet from his shirt pocket. "Let me compensate you for your loss of earnings."

And he peeled off three bills, leaned forward, and pressed them into Raul's hand. Raul glanced at the denominations and choked on his coffee. What the fuck was going on?

The man was standing up, speaking briskly. "I'll be back this evening, maybe you'll be busy, but perhaps I'll see you then? Here, take this--in case you go out and want to come back."

And he tossed a white plastic key card onto the table, turned, and left.

Raul had no idea what to do. Get the hell away from this madman while he could, having been amply rewarded for doing nothing? Or hang around, on the assumption he was on to a good thing? Raul wasn't comfortable with the latter. Much as Raul needed the money--God knows he really needed money--the guy hadn't even had a handjob for it.

He left the room, but took the key card with him. He spoke to a maid in the corridor and asked the man's name (he'd been told, but it hadn't stuck; the guy had just been a john, after all).

"The fat man? He is Mr Linus," the maid smiled widely as she told him. Raul guessed Linus was a good tipper.

He went out and spent a little of the money in his pocket on a stout pair of shoes. Raul had gotten off the boat with no more than the ragged set of clothes he'd been wearing; he'd found out where to get dirt-cheap clothes since, but hadn't got round to replacing his old sneakers.

At the end of the day he hesitated between returning to the cruising zone, or going back to the hotel, and eventually found his newly-shod feet taking him back to the hotel. A possible answer occurred to him on the way; maybe the guy had problems getting it up? Perhaps he'd picked Raul up last night only to realize it wasn't going to work, but hoped it would tonight... so he'd paid Raul to try and draw him back?

But Linus wasn't there. Raul waited a while, watching TV. He wasn't comfortable ordering food, but after a bit he did eat some chips and chocolate from the room mini-bar, plus a soda, and left a few dollars inside the mini-bar to compensate.

Linus arrived back in the early hours of the morning. He walked through the living room, and waved at Raul on the sofa. "Raul, my beautiful boy! How nice to see you again."

He headed into the bedroom and sat on the edge of the bed, pulling his shoes off slowly. Raul followed him in and watched from a few feet away. Linus was clearly drunk, and just as obviously from the sated glaze in his eyes, he'd had sex.

"You have a good time?" Raul asked tentatively.

"I did, Raul, I did." Linus got one shoe off and dropped it on the floor. "I met my friend Julio, we had some splendidly productive and useful business meetings. Then we went to his club, where I had a verrrry steamy encounter with a hot young man who gave good head."

Raul blinked and felt ridiculously indignant. "You could have come back here for that." As he spoke he felt silly, and blushed a little.

Linus got the other shoe off, and paused with it in his hand. "Raul, how old are you?"

"Eighteen," Raul said promptly. He'd been so well coached in that particular lie that he barely even remembered it was a falsehood.

Linus snorted. "If I thought that was true, I would have been fucking you senseless last night." He dropped the second shoe on the floor and flopped backwards to lie on the bed.

Suddenly Raul understood a little more, and he felt his heart start to hammer against his ribs as he assimilated the new information. "You think I'm a kid?"

Linus shrugged a little. "I know you're not eighteen."

Raul was annoyed, and blood rose in his veins. "What does it matter? You're afraid of getting in trouble? It's not gonna happen, I've got no papers, I've got no family, nobody to know or care how old I am--"

"Perhaps I fucking well care," Linus said, sharpness entering his voice.

"But why give me money if you don't want to fuck me? I don't want you taking pity on me because you think I'm a homeless kid! I'm grown-up--I work--do you have any idea what I went through to get here?" Raul shouted, and stamped his foot.

"Ah, the fiery Latin temperament," Linus intoned, peering at Raul through heavy-lidded eyes. "Raul, I deliberately got laid before I came back tonight, and you know why? Because I didn't trust myself to keep my hands off your beautiful young body otherwise."

This left Raul speechless. He stared at the big man, and felt a rush of astounded affection he couldn't begin to express.

"Anyway, I'm far too tired to argue about this now," Linus continued. "I'm going to sleep." Beat. "Do sleep here if you want."

And Linus hauled himself up on the bed, put his head on a pillow, and promptly fell asleep.

Raul slept in the bed, which was easily large enough for the two of them to sleep together without touching even by mistake. He stayed a few inches away from Linus, relishing sharing some of the same body warmth, but not daring to get closer. The more he thought about what Linus had said, the more amazed he was.

He slept only lightly, not letting himself crash like the night before. He got up at daybreak, and headed out to the fishing docks. He took the key card, but left all the money Linus had given him, minus what he'd spent on the shoes, on the table in the living room. He left a note on the desk, on hotel notepaper he found there; Gone fishing.

He returned in the late afternoon, tired but exhilarated by a day working at sea, and found Linus in yet another multi-colored shirt, wearing small spectacles high on his nose and reading from a file at the desk. There were papers everywhere. Linus looked up as Raul came in; his face brightened into a broad smile and he slipped off the spectacles. "Raul, how splendid to see you. I wasn't sure if you were coming back..."

The pile of money Raul had left on the table was still there, untouched. Raul added the small bills he'd earned that day to the stack; Linus frowned as he watched. "Raul, the money's a gift. I really, really, don't want it back."

"I don't want charity. If I can't earn it, I don't want it."

"For Chrissake! I don't want you to have sex with me because you're on the street and utterly fucking desperate," Linus declared, throwing his arms wide. "I want you to have sex with me because you've made a genuine economic choice to do so. Or, heaven forbid, because you actually want to--"

Raul dived towards Linus, threw his arms around him and kissed him hard on the mouth. Linus exhaled a surprised, "Hmph?"

Raul continued to kiss Linus across the face, neck, ears, all the while murmuring, "I want to, I want to, I want to..."

And he really did want to. Linus tasted fresh and clean, and smelled of citrus blossom with undertones of spicy scents that Raul could not begin to to describe; Linus's lips were full and soft and his hair was sleek and smooth under Raul's palms. Raul slid a hand between the buttons of the silk shirt, and his fingertips brushed chest hair, lots of it; oh yes, Raul liked that a lot.

Linus's hands were in his hair now, Raul felt gentle fingers combing his dark curls carefully, and Linus muttering, "Raul, my beautiful Raul," and then the hands shifted downwards, moving rapturously across Raul's chest and back. "Raul, so gorgeous--let's go somewhere more comfortable." They disentangled sufficiently to get to the bedroom, where Linus sat on the edge of the bed and started unbuttoning his shirt. He said quietly, "Let me see you."

Raul stood squarely in front of Linus, and found he could also glimpse himself in a large mirrored wardrobe door to the side. He hooked his T-shirt off over his head, revealing his smooth, almost hairless chest, toned with the effort of manual labor and sun-bronzed from many hours spent in the open air. He then stripped off his jeans and underwear, to stand there butt-naked and proud of the way he looked.

"There can be no more beautiful sight in the world," Linus said emphatically. He slid off his own pants, revealing thick, strong thighs and a fleshy, hardening cock. "Or maybe I just died and went to heaven, and found an angel at the gate--"

His words stopped abruptly as Raul dropped to his knees and took Linus's cock in his mouth. Raul felt fingers pulling at his hair and ears immediately as Linus's hands clutched and grasped blindly.

Raul had always enjoyed giving blowjobs, adored the taste of salt and the scent of musk and the fullness of a long hard dick poking down his throat. Glorying in Linus's erection, he licked and sucked until Linus's hiccuped gasps turned to a long strangled cry; Raul spat neatly, then clambered up onto the bed, where Linus threw shuddering arms around him.

They spent the next twenty-four hours in bed, naked, exploring each other's bodies. Raul spent most of the time with his hand or mouth or ass by Linus's cock, got to know it intimately, thick and pink and delicious.

The first time they ass-fucked, Raul thought he might spontaneously combust. He was on his feet, leaning across the bed; Linus standing behind him, hands planted firmly on Raul's hips, moving steadily in and out. Raul was full and fulfilled and content to stay where he was forever, suspended in time; but somehow there was more and more, and FUCK, how could anything in the world be this good, and getting better still, and better?--And then he felt Linus give a final, frenzied jerk inside him, and Raul exploded with a shout of ecstasy that was almost a shriek.

They talked, too, learning about each other between bouts of frantic, feverish sex. Raul spoke a little about where he'd come from, why he'd come to the States, how he'd been left with nothing to stay home for after his father had been killed in prison and his mother died soon after. "From a broken heart," as Raul explained.

In return, Linus rumbled about his own life. Raul learned that Linus's family consisted of a succession of aged aunts across the Eastern seaboard, who admonished him for not visiting them enough and spoiled him rotten at the same time. Linus talked about where he lived in New Jersey, his import-export business, his travels abroad, his home by the sea. The boat he part owned; his hobbies, food, wine, and golf. His circle of friends, who were clearly important to him.

Raul never wanted it to end. But when Linus took a call on his cell, and then spent ten minutes pacing around the living room reading figures off a balance sheet to someone down the line, Raul knew that it was the end; real life was about to intrude.

Linus walked back into the bedroom, closing the cell in his fist. Raul curled up in a small ball in a corner of the bed, waiting to be thrown out.

"Raul, I have to go home," Linus said, straight out. "I've already stayed longer in Florida than I was going to. I should've left two days ago, you know. But after you left that note, gone fishing, I stayed hoping you'd come back..."

Raul cast his eyes down and didn't speak, couldn't bear to believe that he was about to lose someone he'd connected with so well, so quickly. He stayed quiet, but inside he wanted to scream and sob and cry, to throw a tantrum that life was not fucking fair....

"I thought I could help you find a place to live around here, maybe even a job, if you want," Linus offered. "I know some people who'd be able to help... I visit Florida fairly often, we could see each other sometimes."

Raul looked up into Linus's blue-gray eyes, pleased by the offer but still dismayed by the prospect of losing Linus.

"Or," Linus hesitated, then plunged on. "I wondered if you would come home with me."

"To New Jersey?" Raul was startled.

"Yes. I'll quite understand if you don't want to," Linus added hastily. "I know you came a long way to get here, New Jersey's probably not what you had in mind, the weather's very cold sometimes. And you probably don't want to leave the Cuban Miami community--"

"Linus, I would go anywhere to be with you," Raul burst out, more sincerely than he could express. "Take me with you."

Linus's eyes looked just a little moist as he held out a hand and said, "I will."

END