Persi makes bad choices.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle: Sisters, Chapter 2 (Mf, bd, mc, nc, oral, voy)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

*Wanna play Mass Effect?* Johanna messaged Persi.

*Sure!* Persi sent back, *brt*

Soon slim brunette Johanna had Mass Effect 3 up and was blasting bad guys while athletic blonde Persi sat next to her on the bed and chose what Shepard should say during the role playing parts of the game. They had done that with the other ME games and it had kept the otherwise easily distracted Persi engaged with what was one of Johanna's favorite pastimes.

"This reporter bitch again? Tell her to go fuck herself," Persi advised.

"Umm...this is about as close as we can get to that." Johanna pressed the action button while the red Renegade icon showed and, on-screen, Shepard then got her ass kicked in glorious mo-cap. "Well, shit."

"Ugh," grunted Persi. "Hey, wanna slip out and go down to the store?"

"Why?"

"I wanna snack." Persi got up, pacing, full of energy. She felt antsy, like something was coming, but she had no idea what.

Johanna frowned. "Nah, I have snacks here. You want some Doritos?"

Persi headed to the door. "No, I need...something. I'll figure it out." Then she left.

"Huh," Johanna commented to herself, pausing the game.

---

When Persi got to the convenience store, she soon figured out that she really wanted chocolate! Then she realized that she had left her cash at home. "Shit!" she muttered to herself and looked around. The store was empty except for her and the clerk, and he was busy looking at something under the front counter.

She slipped a Mounds bar into her waistband and then headed toward the exit. The clerk quickly came around the counter and grabbed her arm as she was stepping out the door.

"Just a sec, little lady. I think you forgot to pay for that chocolate bar."

"What chocolate..." she managed to get out before the man lifted her shirt up to reveal her firm tummy and the aforementioned bar. "Oh."

The man sniffed loudly, full of self-importance, as he grabbed the confection. "Since you were going out the door, you've been caught shoplifting and I'm gonna call the police, girly." He pulled her back into the store and locked the door.

"Please!" she cried out as he pulled her behind the counter. "My mom's gonna kill me!"

The guy sniffled again and turned back to her. His demeanor suddenly changed. "Yeah?" He gave her a look up and down. "Why shouldn't I?"

Persi realized that the guy was checking her out. Though 16 years old, she hadn't even had a boyfriend yet due to her being so plain, despite her blonde hair and athletic body, so this was unexpected. She was suddenly self-conscious and unsure, which was unlike her. She looked at the guy, in his 20's, likewise blonde, a little overweight, but...no, he was kind of cute, she realized.

Her mouth had gone dry. She could feel her nipples harden under his gaze, poking out her sports bra and shirt.

His eyes went straight to them. "Get in the back room." He pushed her toward a door behind the counter. After he closed and locked it behind them, he unzipped his pants and out sprang his hard penis.

Persi had never seen one before in real life. Sure, you could see all the peen you wanted online, but that was on screen! She wanted this thing...wanted it...inside her? She was uncertain.

He pushed down on her shoulders and, trance-like, she sank to her knees. "Suck on that, girly."

She moved forward as if in a dream, her mouth open, and took the warm head into it. She sucked and almost swooned at the smell of it. As she moved her mouth down the shaft, she felt it hardening in her mouth, and a thrill went through her that SHE was the cause of his excitement.

Soon she was able to get some movement going, though she wasn't able to take more than two thirds of his cock into her mouth without it hitting the back of her throat. A little precum slipped onto her tongue and she shuddered in pleasure, not quite cumming. Just from that, she wondered? She redoubled her efforts, urged on by something that she didn't know was affecting her body at this particular time of the month.

"Ah shit!" the guy groaned, and Persi felt his cock lurch and expand in her mouth before hot liquid suddenly splashed against the back of her throat. Surprised, she gulped it down.

Instantly, an orgasm exploded within her as the man's sperm made contact with her internal anatomy. Another spurt followed, which she reflexively swallowed as well. It tasted like delicious ice cream, even though it was warm, she marveled! Her orgasm continued, washing over her like a sexy white tide in time with his declining spurts. Finally, she licked the last of his cum from his cock slit and sat back, shuddering in pleasure.

She could feel that her panties were a sodden mess. She wanted more, but was afraid. She was a virgin, and she couldn't lose her cherry to a convenience store clerk! She stood up on shaky legs. "We good?" she asked him as he zipped up, also a bit unsteady.

"Uh, sure!" he replied, and Persi noted that his pupils were very wide, like he had been doing drugs or something. He also seemed less focused now.

"Alright, then," she said, and unlocked the door. On her way out, she grabbed the chocolate bar he had left on the front counter. She had earned it, she decided.

---

"That took a while," Johanna commented.

"Forgot my cash," Persi explained as she sat back down on her friend's bed. The chocolate bar had been consumed on the walk back.

"You changed out of your shorts?"

Persi's panties had soaked through with her juices, visibly dampening her shorts, so she had had to change. "It's getting cold outside," she offered.

Johanna took a close look at her friend. "You okay? You seem flushed."

Persi's nose itched, and she gave a little sniffle. "I'm fine, Johanna! Let's get back to the game, okay?" Man, she thought, her friend was annoying today!

---

That night, mousy, dark-haired Johanna had a dream where faceless men surrounded her and tied her naked to her bed. She could see their thingies...cocks...hard and pointed at her. She was afraid, but also excited that she could turn these grown men on with her slim teenaged body.

The men started to stroke their cocks, and she strained at her bonds, trying to get at them. Why wouldn't they let her suck on one, or...or...put one...down there? Her pussy felt like it was on fire.

Finally, they all groaned in unison and she saw, in slow motion, their sperm jet from the ends of their cocks, arcing toward her wanton body. Each of her small breasts caught one blast, while another hit her face, and one splashed warmly on her wet, open pussy lips...

She orgasmed, her body arching in pleasure, and woke up cumming.

In the next apartment, Persephone had had a similar dream, except it was she who had told the faceless men to tie her best friend to the bed, and she watched the debauchery from the shadows. She woke up at the same time as Johanna, mid-orgasm, as she watched the men cover the restrained girl in their dangerous, tasty cum.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)